Why did you head to the ocean for the last time? Where've you gone? 
What are people doing on the beach? 
Are you ready to swim? 
When have you known how to swim? 
Who's been training you to swim? 
What type of costume are you wearing for swimming? 
Did you just go night-swimming? 
Are there any issues at your nearby beach with jellyfish, sharks or stonefish? 
Have you ever practiced sports on the beach? 
Which activities have you been playing? 
? Why are they distinct from the sport's non-beach versions? 
Have you collected seashells before? 
Are you willing to explain the shell you've collected? 
What did you do for the shells that you collected? 
What type of dogs reside at the beach? 
Have you ever fished at the beach? 
What did you catch? 
What have you been using as bait? 
What is the "tide"? 
Why is the tide there? 
Whose "rip tide" is it? 
Have you ever been on a rowboat or a sailboat? 
Have you ever used a board or body board for surfing? 
Will you enjoy sunbathing? 
Do you think it's significant to sunblock? 
Have you ever been to a beach that's famous? 
What are you carrying on the beach? 
When you are diving, how can you hold your wallet safe? 
At your local beach, is erosion a problem? 
At your local beach, is pollution a problem? 
Should it be feasible for individuals to buy a beach or half of a beach? 
Why is beachfront property too costly? 
Why are there too many people choosing to move there? 
Will you want to live there? 
What are the risks of staying on land on the beachfront? 
Do you prefer a quiet water, or do you prefer huge waves? 
On the sand, should dogs be allowed? 
Do dogs at the beach have to be kept on leashes? 
On the beach, should cars be allowed? 
Why do you think about people who are naked as they swim? 
Is there a nude beach close to where you're living? 
What are your views on naked beaches? 
Will you really want to swim naked? 
Have you ever gone to a nude beach? 
What do you think of topless swimming? 
Which is your favorite beach? 
Are there life guards at the beaches in your country?