Why do you think is your country's most beautiful person? 
What do you think is today's most stunning female alive? 
Who was history's most stunning person? 
Who in your family is the most attractive? 
Can attractiveness impact the performance of one in life? 
Is being visually beautiful or intellectual better? 
Is being physically beautiful or rich better? 
Is strength linked to beauty? 
Can you think about someone that is in a place of control that is not desirable physically? 
Are individuals wasting so much time and resources on beauty? 
How much time do you spend each day making yourself look better? 
Who can you say is lovely that some would not? 
Do you think people should get plastic surgeries to improve their looks? 
If so, what is the minimum age at which plastic surgery is needed for someone? 
In your country, how common is plastic surgery? 
What is the most common cosmetic adjustment feature? 
Do you believe appearance is influenced by self-esteem? 
Do you think self-esteem is influenced by beauty? 
In your everyday life, how important is beauty? 
Have you ever encountered someone felt driven to look more beautiful? 
What do you make about the "beauty is in the eye of the beholder?" proverb? 
Do you have any beauty-related proverbs or idioms from your country? 
What do you suppose is said by 'beauty is skin deep'? 
What are any tricks for makeup you should share? 
Do you think people would be sexy so multiple tattoos? 
How much are too many tattoos? 
Will you really get a tattoo? 
Have you got a tattoo? 
Do you believe people would be pretty with multiple piercings? 
What type of body piercing do you believe is appropriate, if any? 
What sort of piercing do you believe is inappropriate, if any? 
For inner attractiveness, whose personality characteristic is the most significant? 
Using your own words, how can you describe beauty? 
Will you ever meet anyone who was not beautiful on a traditional basis? 
What makes one person more appealing than another? 
Can you find people from different countries than you consider appealing the same way? 
Is there anyone popular who you find isn't considered beautiful? 
Are beauty pageants terrible or good? 
Will kids be exposed to beauty pageants? 
Can you agree that one gender or category is more obsessed with appearance than another? 
Will you want your kids to be talented or beautiful? 
What are some of the disadvantages of being pretty? 
What are your opinions on cosmetic surgery? 
Should you get cosmetic surgery at some time? 
What would you alter, if so? 
What do you think of actors having cosmetic surgery? 
If you are popular in order to be effective, do you think it is important to get plastic surgery? 
Do you think skin colour influences whether or not an individual is perceived to be beautiful? 
Do you believe you are made more attractive by fairer skin? 
What are some of the benefits of looking pretty?