What is good conduct? What is poor conduct? 
As a boy, were you well-behaved? 
Why do some kids appear to be well-mannered automatically, and others seem to be difficult? 
Are you a kid who was well-behaved? 
Why can you raise children who are well-behaved? 
What influences you to make good decisions? 
Have you ever accepted somebody's conduct? 
Is there any action that you will not deem acceptable? 
What instances of bad conduct are there? 
What is the worst kind of conduct you've seen? 
If someone attacks him, will you teach your child to "hit back" at school? 
How do we model healthy behaviour to our kids? Are terms or illustrations more valuable? 
Are you affected by what you see on television? And from what you're reading? 
Are mates manipulating you? 
Will your mates be influenced? 
Is connecting yourself with good people important? 
Why do mates affect you badly? 
Will your actions be affected by music? 
Is it necessary to watch only healthy television shows and read only good books? 
How has culture been influenced by the media? Is TV turned society bad or better? 
Why does faith impact the actions of people? 
Should it matter to you what other people think about you? 
Should you think for the private actions of a politician? 
Will you judge a politician by how he treats himself with his family? 
When you become a politician, should you give up your private life? 
Will people act with friends in a particular manner than with family? Are you great at handling people who are close to you than outsiders or vice versa? 
Does well-known people's actions, such as celebrities and politicians, influence how ordinary individuals behave? 
Is economic class affecting the actions of people? Are individuals, for instance, more charitable if they have more money? 
Who are you admiring? Are you pretending to be this guy (or people) like him? 
Is there historical people you admire? 
Who is influenced by your conduct? 
Under what aspects did others' decisions influence you? 
Will your satisfaction rely on others' conduct? 
Are you expected to still be on your best behaviour? 
Are we going to be graded on our conduct? Do you believe in a deity who punishes the evil and honors the good? 
Does being nice always compensate for it? 
When you are satisfied, how do you act? Can you enjoy being around happier people? 
Should individuals function on their emotions? Could people around you say if you're in a poor mood? 
Do you think that we have a spiritual responsibility to behave happily, even though we do not feel happy? 
Is it necessary to modify one's actions? 
Did you alter something in your conduct? 
Did you start with healthy habits? 
Have you broken bad habits? 
What are any directions for your actions to change? 
Are you setting targets to better yourself? 
What attitudes are required of kids towards their parents? 
Is your conduct influenced by the clothing you wear? Will teachers at school wear comfortable clothes? 
What habits are expected of college and university students? 
Should there be unlawful corporal punishment? 
Owing to conditions or decisions, are bad people bad? What about people that are good? 
Do you believe that someone like a bad individual, or just a sick person, exists? 
Will negative conduct add to crime? 
Will parents be kept accountable for the actions of their kids? 
What would you think if you saw someone else's kid in public acting badly? 
Should any parents giving their kids medication in order to settle them down? 
Can you conceive about actions in one society that is 'healthy' behavior and in another culture that is 'evil' behavior? 
In a hospital, how can you behave? 
What is the weirdest thing that you've ever done? 
Will infants be officially punished? 
What sort of punishment do you believe is the most successful? 
What's the definition of 'misbehavior'? 
What would we do to stop or avoid it? 
There is a behaviour of one society that is called 'normal' behavior and 'evil' 
In another culture, behavior? Offer examples if yes. 
Should we teach positive behaviour to our kids? 
How do we model healthy behaviour to our kids? 
Why can kids achieve positive behavior? 
What would you do if your kid behaved poorly in public? 
What would you think if you saw someone else's kid in public acting badly? 
Will you spank (as a threat, to smack on the buttocks with a flat object or with an open hand) your kid for poor behavior? 
If you saw somebody spanking their kid for poor conduct, what will you do? 
What are you going to do for a kid whose conduct is really bad? 
When anyone attacks them, will you teach your child to "hit back" at school? 
How are we going to sanction adolescents who perform crimes? 
What behaviour among friends is not acceptable? 
How in public do movie stars behave? 
When you are upset, is it OK to exhibit negative forms of behavior? 
What attitudes make you feel good? 
Whose attitudes make you feel upset? 
Will kids be allowed in class to pose questions? 
How do teachers avoid school "bullying"? 
Have you ever been humiliated by the misbehavior of your friend/girlfriend/husband? 
In a work interview, what is the best action to use? 
When you encounter anyone who you don't like, how do you behave? 
What is good conduct? 
In a restaurant, what is the best action to use? 
During school? 
During a party? 
Can you conceive about actions in one society that is 'healthy' behavior and in another culture that is 'evil' behavior? 
Should we teach positive behaviour to our kids? 
How do we model healthy behaviour to our kids? 
Why can kids achieve positive behavior? 
Will you be spanked for poor behaviour by your child?