In your country, how are birthdays celebrated? 
What are certain birthday rituals from other nations that you hear of? 
How do you like your birthday to be celebrated? 
What is your happiest birthday memory? 
What's the worst recollection on your birthday? 
Have you ever seen your own or anyone else's surprise birthday party? 
What is the greatest present you've ever got for a birthday? 
What is the worst present you've ever got for a birthday? 
What do you want to do on your birthday, any things? 
When do you have a birthday? 
Did your parents, when you were a kid, give you birthday parties? 
In your view, When is the perfect time of year to have a birthday? 
What is it that people you meet enjoy turning 40? 
Do you think it is depressing for people to become older (40, 50, 60), or a happy opportunity? 
Why do you believe is the age of the best? 
Are you involved in going to work for your birthday? 
When you were a kid, would you want to go to school on your birthday? 
Have you ever held a group of surprises? 
Whose birthday do you recall forever? 
Among your close relatives and associates, whose next birthday is coming? 
How many birthday presents or cards per year do you deliver or give to people? 
Did you ever miss the birthday of somebody you were meant to remember? 
If you recognize the birthdays of some prominent individuals? (Are all of them the same as yours?) 
Can you hear about some major incidents in the year you were born that happened? 
What is the greatest present you've ever got for a birthday? 
What is the greatest present you've ever offered for a birthday? 
What is the worst present you've ever got for a birthday? 
What is the worst present you've ever offered for a birthday? 
When you're in your adolescent years, remind them how old you're going to be in 20 years and tell them if you're looking forward to that period or whether it worries you. 
What would you do if you were allowed to spend your own birthday the way you wanted? 
Where do you like to go? 
How many persons will you invite? 
Would you rather spend your birthday with just your mates or with your relatives? 
Know what presents you had on the last birthday of your life? 
What would you like to have the most for this year's birthday? 
For you, is the expense of a present important? 
What kind of present are you normally making for your birthday friend? 
The mother of yours? 
What about the other friends of the family? 
What is a better present, a gift or money that is well-chosen? 
Really, are birthdays important? 
When are you celebrating this birthday?