What's your favourite tale? 
Who's your favourite writer? 
Who is a favorite character of yours? 
What's a common genre for you? 
Measure 
Mystery Mystery 
Suspiciousness 
Detective 
Scientific Fiction 
Books for Girls 
The Fight 
Non-fiction-based 
Books for Flying 
Books about Self-help 
A Background 
Biographics 
Autobiography Autobiography 
Gothic 
Literature of Classics 
Contemporary Literature 
What book is the longest you've ever read? 
How long did it take you to read it? 
Have you belonged to a book group before? 
Which books have you been reading? 
What is the most funny novel you've ever read? 
The saddest ones? 
The weirdest one? 
In your life, how many books have you read? 
In your life, is there a moment that you learn all the time? 
In one week, how many hours do you spend reading? 
Have you ever been or seen an author at a book signing? 
If you have some story suggestions for you to write? 
Do you read recommendations-based books? 
What are some of the books that have been recommended? 
Have you ever been received a negative recommendation? 
Did the view of the individual who suggested the book alter that? 
What books have you suggested to other individuals? 
How often do you go to the library? 
How many books at a time should you carry out? 
Why can you pick the books that you would be reading? 
The cover of the book is just as significant. 
Are you seeing a movie straight out of a book? 
The majority of people say that the book is better than the movie. For you, is this true? 
Did you like reading school books? 
What was your first book when you grew up? 
Is there a book that has been read by you more than once? 
Whose title was it? 
How many times has it been read by you? 
Is there a book that you just can't finish? 
Whose title was it? 
What is your favourite reading time of day? 
Where is your favourite reading spot? 
When you're reading, do you listen to music? 
Do you read books often before going to bed? 
When selecting a book to read, what considerations are important to you? 
Testimonials? 
A friend's Recommendation? 
The cover on the front? 
What was the last book to read? 
What is your all-time favourite book? 
Have you ever read a novel and seen a movie afterward? What has been better? About why? 
Who is your country's most popular writer? 
Did you read any of their books? 
If you think they're overrated? 
What kind of book do you really enjoy?