How old were you when you started to drive for the first time? 
Has there been something hard about how to drive? 
Is it possible to drive a car? 
Could you drive a car with a manual shift? 
Have you got a vehicle? 
If so, what kind of car have you got? 
Is it a normal or automatic (manual shift) shift? 
Which one do you like better, an automatic or regular change car? 
What are the perks of becoming a car owner? 
What are the drawbacks of driving a car? 
Are you a good driver? 
Were you involved in a traffic accident? 
Have you ever seen the cops pull you over? 
What has occurred? 
In a foreign country, have you ever driven a car? 
If so, on which side of the road were they driving? 
Were the signs on the road different? 
In your area where you live, are drivers decent drivers? 
If you know something about getting a vehicle fixed or maintained? 
What is it that you know how to do? 
Where have you been learning how to do this? 
Are you having fun fixing cars? 
What are some of the things you do to keep your car going? 
If you choose public transit for driving or riding? 
What type of vehicle do you prefer? 
Do you enjoy driving through the night? 
If you think the vehicles in city centres should be banned? 
In your country, what side of the road do you drive on? 
In your country, is drunk driving an issue? 
What kind of regulation does your country have in respect to drunk driving? 
In your country, what is the punishment for drunk driving? 
Have you ever been (or) met someone who was involved in an accident involving drunk driving? 
In your country, is jaywalking legal? 
Do individuals in your country always jaywalk? 
Who was teaching you to drive? 
How long has it taken for you to learn how to drive? 
What's the longest road ride you've ever taken? 
Have you ever broken down and been on the side of the road, stranded? 
Who's been helping you? 
How do American drivers react to your country's drivers? 
In your country, what are the speed limits? 
In what times would you honk the horn of your car? 
In your country, is it appropriate to honk? 
Are men better than women as drivers? 
Are females better drivers than males? 
At what age can you get a licence in your country? 
Do you think the age for driving should be raised or lowered? 
Do you think driving lessons should be provided by high schools? 
Should new drivers have a period of accompanied driving? 
Or some kind of trial period? 
Do you have a GPS (Global Position System)? 
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having a GPS? 
Does the type of car a person drives tell us about the person who drives it? 
What can we tell or imagine about a person by looking at the car they drive? 
What are the laws about seat belts in your country? 
How are they different to this country? 
Is your car air conditioned? 
What are the advantages and disadvantages of air conditioning? 
Do you have a GPS? 
If yes, when do you use it? If no, would you like one? Why or why not? 
What is the price of gasoline in your country? 
Is it cheaper or more expensive than in this country? 
Do you allow passengers to eat inside your car? 
What are the advantages/disadvantages of buying a second-hand car? 
Do you wash your car yourself or do you have it washed? 
Do you think that there is a relation between global warming and cars? 
Have you ever seen a "hybrid" car? 
What do you know about "hybrid" cars? 
Do you really think that car manufacturers are interested in global warming? 
How often do you need to get your car repaired? 
In what times would you honk the horn of your car? 
Is it acceptable to honk in your country? 
Do you like to drive or be driven? 
Have you ever bribed a policeman in your country after he pulled you over? 
Is it common for traffic cops to accept bribes? 
How are the traffic laws in your country? 
Are they strict or lax? 
Do most people follow the rules of the road? 
Is it easy to find parking? 
Is parking expensive? 
What should be done in order to prevent traffic congestion in your city? 
Is there any kind of rules to avoid traffic congestions? 
How do you feel about spending time in your car during rush hour? 
Is car theft a big problem in your country? 
Have you had your car stolen? 
Have you had your radio stolen? 
Is road side assistance common in your country? 
Can you change a flat tire? 
Do you know anything about fixing a car? 
Who was teaching you to drive? 
Was it pleasant or unpleasant? 
Have you ever broken down and been stuck on the side of the road? 
Who's been helping you? 
What do you think of international car-free days? 
Can you recall any memorable car drive in your life? 
What are the most frequent driving offenses? 
What factors are responsible for railway crossing accidents? 
According to insurance statistics women are better driver than men. 
Do you agree? 
What do you think of car pooling? 
If you can think of another good question for this list, please add it. 
