Have you seen any improvements in your life recently? 
Do you think it's important to change? 
Do you ever get the desire to refurnish the whole house? 
Do you regularly rearrange the furniture in your house? 
Will you want your office or dining room to be rearranged? 
Do you believe that progress is necessary in the lives of people? 
Do you think that it's possible for a person with a cold heart to change? 
Do you believe that our ancient ways are easy to mend? 
Do you think that keeping up with the times is easy? 
If you could change anything in your life, what would it be? 
What is the toughest adjustment that you have ever had to make? 
Did you really plan to get yourself a tattoo? 
Did you just just cut your hair short? 
What was the craziest beauty shift you ever made? 
What was the last big improvement of your life that you made? 
Have you ever wanted to alter the party in which you normally hang out (spend time)? 
Why do you think is one characteristic that you can never alter for yourself? 
What's one thing that you've been wanting to alter, just can't? 
What would you change in your life if you earned a million dollars? 
What stuff will you hold in the same way? 
Is a friend of yours ever undergone any big improvements you've been proud of? 
Only an alcoholic? 
An unmotivated individual? 
A human who's trapped in the way they are? ) 
Have you ever moved to a particular religion? 
Have you ever moved to another political party? 
Did you ever dump a woman or a boyfriend? Is the transition complicated? 
Did you ever say no to a buddy at all? 
Have you lost a cat, or have you ever been murdered by a person? 
Have you ever retired from your job? 
Have you ever been down and spent a long time indoors? When have you come out of this depression? 
Did you ever have to change your way of thinking, or your way of acting? Why? Why? 
Have you ever wanted to modify the way you dress? Hey, if so, why? 
Have you ever chosen to adjust your way of eating, or your style of exercise?