Have you had a good childhood? 
When you were a kid, what would you want to do? 
What've you been dreaming like? 
Where hast thou been born? 
When were you originally born? 
Before you started to ride a bicycle, how old were you? 
Have you got a bicycle of your own? 
Know who told you to ride your bike? 
Have you had a terrible crash on a bicycle? 
Who was that favorite instructor of yours? About why? 
What was your favourite topic? About why? 
What was your game of choice? 
For whom did you play it? 
Who brought you it? 
When did you want to play it? 
Is there something you recall about your personality when you were a child? 
Have you been successful at having friends? 
When have you been having friends? 
Have you had loads of friends? 
What did your buddies like doing with you? 
When you were a kid, what were some embarrassing situations? 
Have you been a fine student? 
Have you liked going to school there? 
Have you gotten decent grades? 
Did you like your homework being done? 
What did the school like to you? 
What did you not like at school? 
Who was the childhood buddy of yours? 
When did this buddy encounter you? 
What've you been playing together? 
Are you really doing stuff with this childhood buddy? 
What more stuff concerning your best friend would you tell us about? 
Your parents, were they super protective? 
By what age would you be willing to go places alone? 
Have your parents told you what to do at all times? 
Have you worked outside? 
What did you like playing? 
How long did you waste a day playing outside? 
Can you play all year long outside? 
Have you worked in the streets? 
Is playing in the streets dangerous? 
What sort of stuff have you been doing on the streets? 
Have you ever had an injury whilst playing in the streets? What has occurred? 
What did you want to grow up to be when you were a child? Have you chosen to be a parent or a mother? A firefighter? The physician? A scientist? 
Can you clearly recall particular items from your childhood? 
How old were you when your first memories come back? 
What kind of food did you enjoy? 
Was there something you used to consume, or were you a picky eater? 
Which things have you been eating? 
What things didn't you want to eat? 
Did you have meals that you hated? 
When you were a kid, what was your favourite toy? 
Who brought this toy to you? 
Had it got a name? 
Are you still got it? 
As a boy, what was your worst punishment? 
Where were you growing up? Did you often move? Hey, if so, why? 
When you were young, who took care of you? From a parent? A grandparent, a grandpa? A babysitter? A daycare facility? 
How close are you to your parents? How distinct are you? 
Describe the first recollection of going to school you have. 
Do you agree the kids consume so much fast food nowadays and don't play enough sports? 
What childhood ailments have you had? 
Did you have any nickname? 