Did it snow on Christmas last year? 
Did you, when you were a kid, believe in Santa Claus? 
Last Christmas, did you like it? 
Around Christmas, do people act differently? 
Are they pretending to do something better? 
Do you donate things to charities (money, clothes...)? 
Do you owe homeless people something? 
During the Christmas season, do you observe any special religious ceremonies? 
In your country, do you celebrate Christmas? 
Do you, in a particular way, celebrate Christmas? 
Do you, in a traditional way, celebrate Christmas? 
Got a traditional Christmas for you? 
Do you decorate the Christmas outside of your house? 
Will you eat your Christmas meal with a turkey dinner? 
Are you celebrating Christmas? 
Do you love singing songs about Christmas? 
Will you share gifts at school with your friends? 
On Christmas Day, do you go to church? 
Will you have a stocking hanging up? 
Do you have a school Christmas party? 
Have you got a tree for Christmas? 
How do you decorate it, if so? 
When are you putting that up? 
When're you going to take it down? 
Is it artificial or real? 
During Christmas break, do you have a part-time job? 
Are there any arrangements for you to go to a Christmas party? 
If you know why the entire planet celebrates Christmas? 
If you know Christmas history? 
Remember when you find out Santa Claus wasn't real, or when your kids found out about it? What was your/their response like? 
Will you see your family at Christmas time? 
Do you think Christmas is depressing? (There is a high suicide rate at this time of year.) 
Do you think we will have a white Christmas this year? 
Do you normally put up Christmas decorations in your house? (Do you normally decorate your home?) 
How about at the school or the location where you work? 
Does you school have a Christmas play? 
Does your family have any unusual Christmas traditions? 
Does your town get decorated at Christmas? 
What sort of decorations? 
Have you finally done your Christmas shopping? 
Have you ever spent Christmas in a foreign country? 
Have you ever made your own Christmas cards? 
If so, how did you make them? 
How do you normally spend New Year's Eve? What about New Year's Day? 
How long do you leave your Christmas tree up until Christmas? 
How long is your Christmas vacation? 
How many Christmas cards did you get last year? 
How many Christmas cards do you send? 
How many gifts do you normally give? 
If you are not a Christian, does the heavy emphasis on Christmas in the U.S. make you feel bad in some way (e.g., neglected, dismissed, frustrated, etc.)? 
If you could go somewhere during Christmas break, where will you go? 
And how many languages did you write Christmas cards? 
Is there a holiday close to Christmas in your home country? 
Is your Christmas tree a true tree or an artificial tree? 
What are some common foods for the Christmas season? 
What are you going to get your boyfriend/girlfriend for their Christmas present? 
What did you do last year on Christmas Day? 
How did you enjoy Christmas last year? 
What do you eat on Christmas Day? 
What do you normally do for Christmas? 
What do you want Santa to get you for Christmas? 
What does your family eat for Christmas dinner? 
What is Christmas like in your hometown? 
What is Christmas like in your country? 
What is the best Christmas gift you have ever gotten? 
What is the most costly Christmas gift you expect to buy? 
What is the usual menu for a Christmas dinner in your family? (... in your country?) 
What is the weather like in your country at Christmas time? 
What is your feeling toward the commercialization of the Christmas season? 
Is Christmas getting too commercialized? 
What is your favourite Christmas carol? 
What is your favorite Christmas song? 
Are there any special songs in your country that you don't hear here? 
What sort of fun stuff do you do for Christmas in your home country? 
What kind of presents do you plan to get this Christmas? 
What time do you wake up on Christmas day? 
Which time does your family open the presents? 
What traditions do you have during the Christmas season? 
What was the best gift your got last Christmas? 
What would you buy your parents? 
What will you do on Christmas day? 
What will you eat on Christmas Day? 
What would you like to get for your Christmas present? 
What's your favorite Christmas song? 
How do you do your Christmas shopping? 
What kind of presents do you buy? 
Who do you buy them for? 
About how much do you spend per person? 
When do you send Christmas presents? (On what day? At what time?) 
How do you open Christmas presents? (On what day? At what time?) 
When do you set up a Christmas tree? 
If you don't set up a Christmas tree, do you put up other decorations? 
When does your family decorate the Christmas tree? 
Where are you headed on Christmas vacation? 
Where do you think Santa Claus is from? 
Where will you go on Christmas Day? 
Who do you intend to collect gifts from? 
Who is Santa Claus? 
If you know the history of Santa Claus? 
At what age did you starting not believing in Santa Claus? 
Who was at your house last Christmas? 
Who would you send gifts to this year? 
Who would you like to be with on Christmas? 
Can you go skiing during the Christmas vacation? 
Can you have a Christmas party at your home? 
Can you enjoy Christmas holiday with your family or your friends? 
Can you fly overseas over the Christmas vacation? 
Will you want to go skating on Christmas vacation? 
Why do people send out Christmas cards with gifts and surprises at Christmas time? 
That some people do not like Christmas? 
Around Christmas, do people act differently? Are they pretending to do something better? 
Do you donate things to charities (money, clothes...)? 
Do you owe homeless people something? 
How long can Christmas trees last? 
Do you use an artificial tree? 
What do you normally do on Christmas day? 
What people normally do on Christmas day? 
Why do people frequently type "Christmas" with a "X"? (Xmas) 
Do you have a major and tasty dinner on Christmas day? 
Would it hurt your heart hearing that your children have grown up and this year will be their last Christmas at home? 
If you had a million dollars, what would you do during Christmas time? 
If you could change something about Christmas time, what would it be? 
How do you set up your Christmas tree? 
How is christmas celebrated in the United States? 
Do you have a big and delicious dinner in Christmas? 
What kind of food do you usually eat in your country? 
Do you remember Christmas clebrations you had as a child? 
What was the most regretful thing about this year? 
Does it break your heart knowing that your children have grown up and this year will be their last christmas at home? 
What did you get for Christmas? What did you give for Christmas? 
What's the best thing you left out for santa clause to eat on Christmas? 
Trivia: In what 1942 movie was the song 'White Christmas" first sung? 
Do you ever think about the real meaning of Christmas? 
Do you go skiing at Christmas time? 
Whose birthday is celebrated on Christmas? 
Which comes first, Christmas or New Year's Day? 
What is the significance of a Christmas tree? 
What does it represent for you?