What makes talking to anyone easy? 
In a talking partner, what traits do you look for? 
Tell me about the most famous kinds of conversations to have? 
What are you thinking about? 
How are you familiar with the other person? 
Who is the best conversationalist you've ever come across? 
Why is he such a strong conversationalist? 
Did you ever have a really nice talk with a total stranger? 
What made it so terrific? 
What have you thought about? 
Where've you been? 
In a discussion, what is your role? 
Are you dominating? 
Do you subordinate? 
What proportion of the conversation is spent talking? 
Have you ever managed to alter your conversational style consciously? 
What have you altered? 
In conversation, what are those positive habits you have? 
There are some negative qualities in discussions that you have? 
Who talks better: men or women? 
What boosts their style? 
What made things worse? 
Will you like flirting? 
What are you flirting? 
What're you saying? 
On a scale of 1-10, how do you score your conversational ability with the opposite sex? Only clarify. 
When do men's and women's discussions differ? 
Will you like arguing? 
What is it that you want to argue? 
Are you really interested in being right? 
What are the sorts of arguments you hate to lose? 
When chatting to an outsider, what subjects do you avoid? 
To a guy from Switzerland? 
To a Japanese? 
Towards an American? 
What are the taboo subjects of your culture? 
What subjects are personally taboo for you? 
In another language, why do people like to learn poor words? 
In a chat, what do people do that drives you crazy? 
What do you feel about a phone conversation? About why? 
Do you think any conversations on the phone are better to have? A face to a face? 
What sorts of conversations are there, and why? 
What are those things on which you can't bear to speak? About why? 
When you are drinking, do you have better conversations? 
When you have been drinking, how do your conversations change? 
Have you ever said something that you wish you hadn't said to someone? 
What's it been? Only clarify. 
How would it be if you could relive every conversation of your life? About why? Only clarify. 
What do you feel about being outspoken? Only clarify. 
How do you feel about people who are blunt? 
Is there anything like being so frank here? Only clarify. 
In your opinion, which people in the country are the best to chat to? Only clarify. 
What people in the world are hard to relate to? Only clarify. 
If you could use any popular person's voice, which voice would you want? About why? 
What do you feel about people older than yourself having conversations? 
Are there any elderly people whom you regularly hold discussions with? 
That's who they are? 
Some people like learning about it, and some people like to do stuff. 
What kind of person are you? Only clarify. 
Who would you refer to if you could have a chat with some prominent living person? 
What is it you'd talk about? 
Why does that make you want to talk about it? Only clarify. 
Who would you refer to if you could have a chat with a prominent deceased person? 
What were you going to chat about, and why? 
Will you want to eavesdrop on the conversations of others? 
What sort of questions are you going to want to overhear? Where are you listening? 
Did you ever spy on anybody? 
Did you ever capture a conversation or phone call? About why? 
Will you do so, ever? Clarify