What's creativity? 
Can you think yourself a person with creativity? Why? Why? 
What is creative about everything you've done? 
Is that a positive thing for creativity? Oh, why or why not? 
What are some forms for a person to be creative? 
Is it a part of imagination to take a risk? 
Are you involved in taking risks? Provide an overview of 
Can you also ask concerns regarding the way things function? 
Can you love enhancing stuff? 
What are any creative forms for children to be entertained? 
Can you conceive of a system that will make it simpler for individuals? 
How does self-confidence influence the imagination of a person? 
Will anyone who initially appears to lack the capacity to cultivate his talent towards a certain type of art and gradually come to master it? 
Have you heard of an event of this kind? 
If you meet someone who is an instance of this personally? 
Why does early exposure to various triggers and engagement in artistic events impact the potential imagination of a child? 
If you assume that a human being's innate hereditary traits are completely decisive for their potential innovation, or is it more influential than this to communicate and participate in self-expression and contact with the world? 
How does the quality of living of a human, including factors such as diet, chemical or other sources of environmental intake, active versus sedentary living, multiple forms of abuse, or any other aspects you might think about, influence them biologically in terms of their artistic abilities? 
Will your country's school framework foster creativity? How? How? 
Do you accept that inspiration comes with time and thinking, or are you born with artistic talent? 
As a boy, what imaginative things did you do? 
What are certain rewards in the workplace for talented individuals? 
What is an innovative company you'd like to launch with? 
What are any of the most innovative individuals in history? 
In which technical sector do you agree that the most talented people are? Science, e.g, 
By describing how things work, do you always address questions? 
Can you conceive about gadgets that will make things simpler for people?