Have you previously been in the center of danger? 
What do you do when you fear like you may be watched by someone? 
If you are in risk, what do you do? 
Who would you call if your life was in danger and why? 
Is it necessary to clarify the 'fight or flight' complex? 
What makes someone suspicious of you? 
What renders a location suspect to you? 
Did you want to do something reckless that might place your life at risk? 
Why are there always people who love to do sports that are dangerous? 
Why are there people who already exist in a world that is dangerous? 
If you think it's unsafe in your neighborhood? 
Have you previously caused other people some danger? 
What was the most risky thing you did? 
Why do affluent people risk much more risk than disadvantaged or ordinary people? 
The most risky moment to head out is what time? 
If you find that in your house there are dangers? 
When you see somebody in risk, what do you do? 
What do you do when you see a commodity with a hazard symbol on it on the back label? 
What are you doing while you feel like this might happen to you? 
When you are in need, is there an emergency number that you should call? 
Are we willing to keep away from danger? 
Are you a guy who cares over anything or nothing? Offer an instance of something you care (or don't worry about) about. 
When you travel, what risks exist? When you fly? When are you on the train? 
What risks are there for babies? For babies? For students at universities? For old people? 
When will a country, with its own citizens, be a danger? 
What sorts of persons in your culture have danger-related occupations? 
What nation do you perceive to be the world's most violent and why? 
What town do you think the most dangerous in your country and why? 
Do you think it would be dangerous for the media (TV, film, music)? About why? 
Were you in the middle of risk before? 
Has your life been placed at risk by a stranger before? 
Is your life been placed at risk because of a stranger before?