Typically, do you recall your dreams? And why or why not? Describe a couple of those. 
What was the most stunning dream you can remember? 
Speak about the most recent dream you've had in the past that you can recall. 
Talk of a recurring dream you've had in the past. 
How is it that you perceive a dream? To grasp it, do you use your intuition/imagination? 
Do you normally read books on dream interpretation? What is your take on it? 
If you have good dreams or nightmares in general? 
Did you ever have nightmares? What have they been like? 
What nightmare is the worst you've ever had? 
What does "prophecy" mean? 
Have you ever had a dream that predicted the future, or heard of it? 
Did you know that, in a dream, Abraham Lincoln allegedly expected his own assassination? What are your views on it? 
Did you ever think of dead people? Is there a good signal here? Why/and why not? 
Have you ever dreamt of deceased friends or relatives? How's it been? How've you been feeling? 
With Jenifer Lopez, there's a movie called "The Cell" - It's about dreaming - Have you ever seen this movie? Will you want to see it? Why/and why not? 
Are dream signals sent by our unconscious, future predictions, or the way knowledge is cleaned out by the brain? 
Some people say dreaming of wasting money means you're going to earn it. Have you seen it before? What other sayings do you know about dreams? 
Will your dreams ever have any effect on your moods? Only clarify. 
Can you normally dream in color or in black and white? 
What is the language in which you dream? Have you ever dreamed of being in a language you don't speak? 
Have you ever woken up in a freezing sweat from a dream? 
Can you agree that the future will often be predicted by dreams? 
Did anyone question you whether you were walking or talking in your sleep? 
When you were a kid, what was your future dream? Did it change? 
Know what you dream of in your sleep, do you? 
For the future, what is your dream? 
Have your dreams changed for your future? 
Are you showing people your dreams? 
If you think your dreams will be accomplished? 
What would you do with it if you had lots of money? 
Can you agree that it will make you happier to have a lot of money? 
Do you agree that it is a waste of time to have hopes and aspirations? 
Do you trust deja vu? 
What's a daydream about? 
What gap is there between our daydreams and our night dreams? 
Are any forms of visions and thoughts similar? 
What is the difference between dreaming when we are asleep and our real lives? 
Do you agree with the "Life is like a dream" idea? 
What is the language in which you dream? Have you ever dreamed of being in a language that you know? 
Do you agree with the "Life is like a dream" idea?