Do you think a drug is alcohol? 
What does alcoholism mean? 
Are you aware of any alcoholics? 
When are you going to stop being an alcoholic? 
If you know the amount of alcohol that is in beer? 
Will you know how much alcohol whisky contains? 
What are some of the traits of intoxicated individuals? 
Is drinking addictive? How are tea, cocoa and coffee? 
Would cannabis be illegal? 
If you think marijuana should be legal or illegal? With evidence, endorse your view. 
Why do you think it's illegal to use marijuana? 
In your country, is marijuana grown? 
What are some of the ways that opioid users use cannabis? 
If you think businesses selling cigarettes want to sell marijuana? 
Why do you think nicotine is a substance that's legal? 
Are any mates of yours hooked to tobacco? 
What are the various types that cigarettes should be used? 
Are you acquainted with someone who smokes a pipe? 
What is the distinction between cigarette tobacco and pipe tobacco? 
What do you make of tobacco chewing? 
Are "soft" drugs such as marijuana and "hard" drugs such as crack, opium, cocaine etc. different? 
Is ecstasy a gentle drug or a hard one? 
Will there be fines for drug dealing? 
Will penalties for using drugs be in place? 
Will the death penalty be levied on drug dealers? 
Will there be less crime if heroin is legal? Burglary and theft, for one. 
Are any persons more readily addicted than others to drugs? 
Will any persons have personalities that are addictive? 
What do you do if you are addicted to drugs? 
What else will individuals get addicted to? 
Why are those medications more addictive than others? 
Why do some people, while others don't, get addicted? 
What exists in a person's brain that induces addiction? 
If you know how much it pays for illegal drugs? 
Do you think the buying of illicit drugs where you live is easy? 
What is worse, a calm opioid user or a non-addict who is violent? 
Will pregnant mothers be arrested for child neglect if they use medications that may harm the baby while they are pregnant? 
When pregnant, can women be constitutionally prohibited from drinking any alcohol or smoking? 
Do you think it is a smart idea for intravenous drug patients to have safe, legal injection rooms where they can use clean instruments and sterile water? 
Patients with cancer find that their suffering is stopped by marijuana. Will it be for them to be legal? 
Can you think that playing with alcohol and nicotine leads to stronger drugs being dealt with? 
Do you agree that ecstasy is dangerous? 
At what age could alcohol and smoking be legal? 
Do we use so many medications for a prescription? 
What are treatments that are natural? 
Are natural remedies still available, such as homeopathy and herbal medicine? 
Do we give kids too many prescription drugs? 
Why is the cost too big for prescription drugs? 
Have you ever taken a non-prescription prescription drug? 
What do you think we needs to do with people who waste much of their time and wealth getting high on illicit drugs? About why? 
Will employees be permitted to screen their workers for "drug test"? 
Why do you think people are beginning to use narcotics? 
What can happen to drug-addicted babies who are born? 
What would you do if anyone was addicted to drugs in your family? 
What do you know about narcotics? 
What are certain medications that are dangerous? 
What are the medications you find are helpful? 
What are addictive drugs? 
Do you think that, with a prescription from a doctor, marijuana should be legal for medicinal use? 
What is crack cocaine doing to your body, right? 
What is it doing to your mind? 
What would happen if you carry on using? 
How can you save it from being used by yourself? / Why can an addict avoid doing it? 
In your country, what kind of drugs are the most popular? 
What sort of "legal" drugs are the most common? 
As a culture, are we hooked to legal drugs? 
What are those home remedies in your society for: 
Stomachache 
When people know that it's terrible for them, why do people take drugs? 
What do you think is putting people under pressure to do drugs? 
Why are people buying drugs? 
In your country, can you lawfully use drugs? 
What happens to an alcoholic who joins a recovery center? 
In your culture, what is the effect of drugs? 
How can a heroin addict be helped? 
If you think soft drugs are contributing to the use of hard drugs? 
How can a person be improved by drugs? 
Can you believe that "once an addict,always an addict"?