When were you in nursery school? 
Where did you go to primary school, right? 
Where did you go to middle school in junior high? 
Where did you go to secondary school? 
Have you been to university or college? 
Where've you gone? 
What have you studied? 
How many years have you been here? 
Did you work there when you went? 
Have you enjoyed attending primary school? 
Do they have middle schools in your country? 
What's the age when kids start school? 
When they graduate, how old are the students? 
Have you been to a decent secondary school? 
What do you remember from the teachers you had? 
Who was that favorite teacher of yours? 
Who was the instructor who most inspired you? 
Do you keep in touch with your instructors anyway? 
Have you seen any teachers that you don't like? 
How many of the high school students were there? 
Describe the people of your high school that attended it. 
Did they affect you well? 
Did they find things more complicated or better for your youth and teenage years? 
In your high school, were there cliques? Was gangs there? 
In high school, did you make friends that you still keep in contact with? 
Which subjects have you been good at? 
Which subjects have you been terrible at? 
In college, did you learn a foreign language? Were they taught well? 
Will you know someone who attended a private school? Do private colleges, or are they only elite, provide higher quality education? 
Have you attended university? 
If you did, what was it that made you plan to go to college? 
Is the school a decent one? 
How many students did they attend? 
In your largest lesson, how many students were there? In your smallest class, how many? Did you choose tiny or large classes? 
Is it tougher in college than in high school to study? How does high school equate to college? What advice would you give a high school student who is about to go to college? 
What were you majoring in? Why did you pick the major you've been doing? 
When you were going to college, did you live in a dormitory? Who were those roommates of yours? 
Is your country having a strong system of public schools? 
Does your country have public universities that are good? If not, why do you believe there is a shortage of support for your country's education? 
What practical changes will you bring to the mindset of your country towards education? 
What role do you believe human capital plays in countries' development? 
How many years have you spent in college? 
Did you study abroad? 
Do the elite attend one or two universities in your country? 
Do elite universities support your country or hurt you? 
Where do we learn - in primary, middle or high school - the qualities needed to become a good student? 
What are the abilities which differentiate good students from bad students? 
Have good grades been important to you? 
Did teachers equally grade students? Have you ever felt like you were going to get a higher ranking than you did in a class? 
Have you delayed studying? Have you ever done an all-nighter? 
Have you studied with other pupils? 
Before or after class, did classmates talk to each other much? 
Did you really often miss class? 
Do college professors give syllabuses to students at the beginning of the term? Is it obvious to you what the professors were expecting from you? 
In your country, are college tuitions reasonable? Are scholarships or government grants quick to get? 
In your country, are there good colleges? 
Do many individuals study abroad in your country? 
Are there any topics you wanted to learn, but at your school they weren't available? 
Are women inspired to seek schooling? 
Are straight-A students smarter or only better at memorizing stuff than others? Did you actually study at school or did you just memorize and pass exams of information? 
Do you know somebody who doesn't know how to write or read? 
Do you believe teachers deserve adequate pay? Do you think they're well trained teachers? 
Do you think that your teachers have given you so much homework? How much homework can students be allocated by teachers? 
Have you been taking the bus or biking to school? 
Was school ever canceled for a day when you were a child? 
Do you think it is easier to learn as a child or as an adult? 
Is it difficult for people without a college education to get good jobs where you live? 
Does education guarantee a good job? 
What are the qualities of a good student? 
What are the qualities of a good teacher? 
Why do you think people become teachers? 
How much free time does a high school student in your country have? 
Do parents home-school their children in your country? 
What do you think of home schooling? 
Do you know anyone who was home schooled? 
Do you wish you had been home schooled? 
Are teachers the only ones qualified to teach children? What makes someone qualified to teach children? 
Can parents influence their children's schools? What can a parent do if he or she disapproves of a teacher's decision? 
Do children have a right to an education? Should education be free? 
Does your country provide a good public school system? 
What improvements does the school system need? 
Do you think your country should spend more money on schools? 
If a school gets more money, will the quality of education always improve? 
What would happen if public schools were abolished? Could children still get an education? 
Once you graduate from a university should you stop learning? 
What are some ways a person can continue to learn? 
Are college graduates smarter than people who did not go to college? 
Would you ever vote for a politician who did not attend college? 
Do the elite in your country attend only one or two universities? Do elite universities help or harm your country? 
What realistic changes would you make to your country's attitude toward education? 
Why do students cheat during tests and exams? How do they cheat? 
What is your attitude towards cheating? How should parents react? How should teachers react? 
Where do we learn the skills necessary to become a good student - in elementary, middle or high school? 
Should people go straight from school to a university, or do something different? 
What is a "genius"? 
Do teachers sometimes teach things that are not important? 
Are there things your school does not teach that you think it should? 
Are school uniforms good to have? Why or why not? 
Would you ever want to learn a third language? 
How important is curiosity in a student? 
Can you teach someone who has no desire to learn? 
What do you think about a gap year, is this something you would consider? 
Should people go straight from school to University, or do something different? 
Do you think it is necessary that there are windows in the classroom to provide for a proper learning atmosphere? 
What do you wish your teachers understood about you? 
Do you think a person can become a genius, or are they just born that way? 
What do you consider to be a "smart" or "slow" person? 
Are things your school teaches that you think are not important? 
Are school uniforms good to have? Why/why not? 
Do prefer school uniforms or casuals better? 
Would you ever want to learn a third language? [To be "trilingual"] 
What do you consider "hardworking" or 'lazy"? 
What is the role of schools in society? 
Do you enjoy going to school? If so, why if not why? 
What does your education mean to you? 
What do you think the advantages and disadvantages of state and private schools are? 
What would you do if you saw someone with a gun at school? 
Are college tuitions reasonable? 
Are foreign languages part of the curriculum? If so, which languages? 
Are most schools coeducational in your country? 
Are there any subjects/classes you wanted to study but they weren't available at your school/college? 
Do you have difficulty with school work? 
Do you think teachers are paid enough? 
Do you think your school is a good one? Why/why not? 
Do you think your teachers give too much homework? 
Do you think public speaking can improve your English? 
How can we improve our classroom? 
Why English is hard to learn at university level? 
How do you travel to school? 
How long must you go to college to get a degree? 
How much is too much homework? How should the homework load be managed? 
If you have not attended college, do you plan on doing so? 
What are some good ways to learn English? 
What are some important factors in determining which college to attend? 
What classes would you take? 
What do you study? What's your major? 
What is the average age of a high school graduate? 
What is your favorite class? 
What was (or is) your favorite subject? Why do you like it? 
Who selects the college you will attend -- you or your parents? 
Why are you studying a foreign language? 
Why is it helpful to learn a Second language ? 
Why is it sometimes very difficult to speak another language? 
Would you consider studying abroad? 
Do parents home-school their children in your country? 
What do you think of home-schooling? 
Do you know anyone who was home-schooled? 
Do you think that most parents influence what university their child will attend? 
Once you graduate from a university should you stop learning? 
What are some ways a person can continue to learn? 
Which is more important, the essential skills in life you've learned to develop on your own or the artificial structure in college about the "real" life? 
Which high schools and colleges are the best in your country? 
Which high schools and colleges are not so good in your country? 
We should not just prepare for life, but live it. Do you agree? 
What kind of world do you think this would be if people never went to school? 
Should education be free? 
Do the elite in your country attend only one or two universities? 
Do your children attend US schools? If so, how do their schools differ from those your children attended back home? 
Does your country have good public universities? If not, why do you think there is a lack of funding for education in your country? 
Why do students cheat during tests and exams? 
How do they cheat? 
What is your attitude towards cheating? 
What are the dangers of cheating? 
How should parents react? 
How should teachers react?