What is the most popular drama/comedy/game show in your country, and what is the story-line (drama) or structure (game show)? 
Will you like watching cartoons? 
Yesterday, what did you watch on TV? 
What's one of your favourite series on television? 
Why are you loving it? 
When's it on? 
Will your daddy like that, too? 
Are you listening to classic music? And why or why not? 
Have you ever participated in a play? If so, then when was this the last time? 
Did you ever go to Disneyland? 
Did you ever go to the theater? 
Did you ever hold a party? 
Have you ever done with water skiing? 
Have you ever used a console with a slot? 
How long in advance will you start planning a holiday? 
How much do you go to parties? 
How much do you read books on comics? 
How much do you attend museums? What was the final time? 
Where you live, is gambling legal? 
Should they ban books? 
Can you go drinking often? Uh, where? With whom? How frequently? 
Will films be rated? Only clarify. 
What are some kinds of gambling in your country that people do? 
What are those games you don't like playing? About why? 
What are those good books you've been reading? 
What's the best book that you have read? 
What are some of the good films that you've seen? 
What are some of your country's most famous amusement parks? 
Without costing a penny, what are some things you should do? 
What video games have you been playing? 
Which are the favorites for you? 
What ones don't you think are so interesting? 
In your free time, what do you do? 
What do you want to do on an evening out? 
What are you saying about soccer? (Hang gliding, baseball,...) 
In your country, what games are popular? Why would they be popular? 
What's your favourite match? About why? 
What's your favourite vacation? About why? 
What kind of music are you going to like? 
What type of material do you want to read? 
Whose singer do you like to meet most of all? 
What was the last book that you read? 
What's your country's most famous holiday? 
When is it? 
When should they celebrate it? 
What's your favorite magazine? (What are some of your favorite magazines?) 
When do you usually listen to the radio? 
Where do you usually read? 
Who are some of the famous actors and musicians in your country? 
Who are some of your favorite actors and actresses? 
Who do you think is the funniest comedian? 
Who is the most popular entertainer in your country? 
Who is your favorite author? 
Who is your favorite comedian? 
Who is your favorite musician? 
Who is your favorite female singer? 
Who is your favorite male singer? 
Who is your favorite guitarist?