Are there rules about litter where you live? If so, what is the littering penalty? 
If you think the vehicles in city centres should be banned? 
Do you think people should recycle newspapers? And why or why not? 
Do you find that there are things from nature to learn? 
Ever since you were a kid, how has the world changed? (technology, principles, fitness, environment) 
How much in your neighborhood is trash collected? 
Why can't they do something about overpopulation if humans are truly intelligent and not merely manipulated by their genes like any other animal? 
What are some recyclable things? 
What are certain items that are being done by your society to help? 
What are certain items that are recycled for you? 
What are some of the emission types? 
There are certain areas in this country that you can reduce pollution? 
In order to help avoid waste, what should you do? 
In order to make this planet a safer place, what should you do? 
What do you make about people who are indoors smoking cigarettes? 
Which is more important, increasing the quality of living of individuals or preserving the environment? 
Think of a case involving this problem in your field. 
Which side would you pick? 
Who do you think is more accountable, individual citizens or the government, for pollution? Only clarify. 
What is the most serious challenge facing the world today? 
In your neighborhood, do you hear of any anti-pollution programs? 
In your home country, what about programs? 
Ordinarily, do you drink bottled water? Whether or why not? Why not? 
If you could pick one alternative source of electricity, which one would you choose to develop? About why? 
Are corporations now more or less environmentally conscious than they have been in the past? Why do you think it's so? 
Do you think it's an essential community service to recycle? 
Are you recycling? 
Who can pay for clean energy-related costs? 
Will we make it an economic necessity to establish sustainable energy sources? 
What are those ways of wasting energy? 
What types of energy are common in your native country? 
What is the biggest issue with sources of clean energy? 
In order to boost their air quality, what can major cities do? 
How do we protect the atmosphere and enhance the quality of life of people at the same time? 
Do you think a significant environmental problem is overpopulation? And why or why not? 
Will an agricultural tax on SUVs not used in the farming community be imposed? 
How will the world be helped by this? 
Should there be more costly petrol for motorists? 
What will the benefits and risks of this be? 
Do you believe that global warming is real? 
Do you think this is a pollution effect? 
Were you afraid of global warming? 
Will this raise the probability of global warming whether you live on an island or on the coast? About why? 
What in the world is happening to forests? 
When we remove trees, what happens? 
What can we do to conserve the forests? 
Why will we have to recycle? 
Should the local authority find recycling easy or difficult for citizens? 
Are there people in your country who make their living by cleaning up trash from other people? 
How is pollution now impacting the United States' environment? 
How about a government of your own? 
Does your country have a regulation in effect to prohibit smoking? 
What are the advantages/disadvantages of a ban on smoking? 
How do total demographic figures impact individual decisions on the number of children? 
What's global warming about? 
Do you agree that nuclear power is safe? Who is it that should be allowed and why? Who's going to police it? 
In what ways can more water be saved? Please make your experiences public.