Are they more important to friends than family? What are you thinking? 
Are chores delegated to your family's kids? 
You got married? 
Are you coerced into behaving in a certain manner by your family? 
Between your brothers and sisters, are you the oldest? 
Your parents, are they strict? 
Have you ever met either of your great grandparents? 
Will you and your family get along well? 
Do you and your brothers and sisters get along well? 
Will your in-laws get along well with you? 
Have you got any sisters or brothers? How old are they, if so? 
Have you got any kids? If so, so what are the names and ages of them? 
Will you have your own place to clean? 
Will your mom keep your room tidy for you? 
Do you like your family? Oh, why or why not? 
Do either of your ancestors live with you? 
Are you living with your parents? 
Do you look more like your mother or your father? 
Do you fight often with your father or mother? And what of? 
Do your grandparents visit you often? 
Do you think children from other nations should be adopted by individuals? 
Typically, do you have any control over family matters? 
Are your parents encouraging you to stay out late? 
What time are you going to get home? 
Have you had a curfew? 
Where have you gotten your name? 
Who are you called for? 
After whom are you named? 
How big a family is yours? 
How many (first) cousins have you got? 
How many aunts and uncles have you got? 
How many siblings and brothers do you have? 
How many kids have you got? 
What is the total number of people you have in your family? 
How many individuals are there in your (immediate) family? 
In your family, how many people are there? 
How much do your cousins see you? 
How much do your grandparents see you? 
How much is it that the whole family is together? 
How old are your brothers and sisters? 
How old are your kids? 
How old are those ancestors of yours? 
How old are those parents of yours? 
Is spanking a good way of disciplining kids? 
Should persons adopt their parents' religion, or should they have the right to choose another? 
What are some of your fondest childhood memories? 
Your parents, what are they like? 
What do you and your family want to do together? 
What do you think of married couples who chose not to have a baby? 
What are the looks of your mother and father? What about grandparents of yours? 
In their spare time, what do your parents do? 
What are your family members' occupations? 
What's your father doing? What is his task? 
And what's your mother doing? 
What is the happiest recollection you have of doing anything together with your family? 
What sort of stuff are you doing for your family? 
What are you trying to tell your kids? (What morals, values, hobbies, talents, etc.) 
What will you think of your childhood change? 
Where are your grandparents living? 
Where's your dad's father living? 
Where's your mother's mom living? 
Who do you, your mother or your dad, get along better with? 
Who in your house is the black sheep (odd ball)? 
Will you get involved with the family problems of your in-laws? 
When you get married, will you live with your parents? 
Should kids assist with their housework? 
How long do they help, or how often? 
What sort of housework is not good for kids to do? 
Are you raised in a nuclear or extended family? 
What are the strengths and drawbacks of these family types? 
What was the effect on the family of divorce and/or modern day living? 
Is the third adult the nanny and/or the daycare centre? 
Where is the safest place for a family to be brought up? 
Where do you think the safest place for a family to be raised is? Why? Why? 
In the long/ short term, what will make you happy? Find the following: career fulfillment, caring families, healthy fitness, plenty of money, solid faith,... 
What do you think about your dad and your mother? 
What is more important to you: to fulfill the dreams that your parents wish for you or to pursue your own dreams? 
What's the most daunting thing you've ever had to do? 
What was the most important thing you were told by your parents? 
What's the greatest thing about your mother? 
If there were a different number of siblings you might have, what would it be? 
Who can look after old people? 
What's the best number of kids to have? 
What is the great thing about grandparents of yours? 
Will parents offer an allowance to their children? 
How much will the families sit together for dinner? 
How can their children be disciplined by parents? 
Should your parents make decisions for you after you're married? 
And what's the best thing about your father? 
Who's the family breadwinner? 
In your family, how is nudity regarded? 
Describe a family that is fine. 
Are your parents and each other getting along? 
Will you encourage your son or daughter to listen to heavy metal music whether you are a mother or a father? 
What has been the family's saddest time? 
How should humans get married? 
What to look for in a long mate's life 
What makes a person a good friend, a lifetime friend, a life mate 
What makes a person a poor person, attributes that bother and confuse you 
What do you think of your budget, what's your budget, and how do you do one job? 
How do you feel about getting older by your parents? Would you let them live with you or put them in a nursing home if they did not fend for themselves anymore? 
Have you helped your mother at home? 
And what domestic chores are you doing? 
Can you think of examples of countries with varying cultural beliefs about the family's importance? 
Are you getting along with your family well? 
Do your brothers and sisters get along well with you? 
Do you and your in-laws get along well? 
Will you have to vacuum the room yourself? 
Is your mother keeping your room tidy for you? 
Are your parents making you stay out late now? 
What's the time you need to be home? 
Have you got your curfew? 
How have you been assigned your name? 
Whose one are you named for? 
By whom are you named? 
What are the family members' jobs? 
And what's your father doing? What is his assignment? 
And what is your mother doing? 
Should the kids assist with their housework? 
How often do they help or how often? 
What sort of housework is not good for kids to do? 
Are you raised in a nuclear or extended family? 
What are the strengths and drawbacks of these family types? 
Where is the safest place for a family to be brought up? 
Where do you think is the safest place for a family to be raised? Why? Why? 
Can you think that you understand your parents? Oh, why or why not? 
Who is working in the household, your father or mother, or both of them? 
Did you ever see your mother (or father) weeping? When has that been, and why? 
Who in your house is the breadwinner? 
Do you trust your parents?