Are there any areas of the city you live in that you're terrified of exploring after dark? Uh, where? About why? 
Are there some situations in the atmosphere that frighten people? What are the ones? Why are people being afraid? 
Will you dread flying? 
Will you fear ghosts? 
Are you frightened of delivering a public speech? 
Do you dread going to the dentist? 
Are you scared of heights? 
Do you dislike horror movies? 
Do you fear the dark? 
Are you terrified of dying? About why? 
Are you terrified of being old? About why? 
Are there any statistics in your society that people are terrified of? 
Are you scared of such insects or animals? About why? 
Can you know anyone who has a phobia? 
If you like horror films, huh? 
Do you think that it should be allowed for young children to watch horror movies? 
How do you respond when something terrifying is seen? 
Is there any person that you are afraid of? 
As a kid, were you scared of the dark? 
On the first day of school here in the United States, were you afraid? What are you doing now? 
What species do you think is most frightening? 
What are certain things that many individuals are scared of? Why do they dislike them? 
What's the scariest film that you've ever seen? 
What is the greatest insecurity you have in life? Are you frightened that could come true? 
What sort of stuff makes you nervous? 
What was the most scary moment that you had? 
What stuff did you fear when you were a child? 
If you have nightmares (bad dreams) at any time? 
About what are they? 
How much do you have nightmares? 
Have you ever seen a reality TV show where viewers are faced with their fears about money? 
Do you ever have to confront one of your fears about money? 
Do you find watching this kind of show interesting? 
What's the worst fear? 
Have you seen all of your doubts overcome? 
Are you scared you're ill? Whose illness do you dread the most? About why? 
Do you believe that people should be healed by hypnosis with phobias? 
Are you scared of flying? 
-Are you scared of riding a motorcycle? 
-Are you afraid of death, of dying? 
How do you handle your fears? 
Are you scared you're ill? Whose illness do you dread the most? About why? 
What is your greatest self-conscious fear? 
What is the greatest concern you have for the world? 
How much do you get scared? 
How are you going to help someone get over their fear? 
Do you have some sort of paranoia or phobia? 
As a girl, what were you afraid of? 
What facial features go along with fear? 
If you're 'putting someone in fear of God,' how do you think the person feels? 
Do you worry that you might get sick? 
Do you dread speaking English? 
A language from abroad? 
In front of a lot of individuals? 
During official functions? 
Were you scared by germs?