How many different coloured foods did you eat last night for dinner? 
When you are cooking a meal, do you care of colour? 
Are there any foods that you, as a kid, wouldn't eat that you now eat? 
Are you a great cook? 
You're a vegetarian here? 
When deciding what to eat, are you worried with your normal calorie intake? 
In what hours are your meals generally eaten? 
For breakfast? 
Hey, lunch? 
Hey, dinner? 
Are you able to cook well? 
This morning, did you drink coffee? 
Today, did you eat lunch? 
Do you still sit with your mates for dinner? 
Do you like greens at all times? 
Are you cooking? If so, what meal do you most frequently cook? 
Every day, do you drink milk? 
Every day, do you drink tea? 
Are you eating beef? 
Every day, do you eat bread? f 
Do you eat your usual breakfast? 
Every day, do you eat fruit? 
Do you eat lunch every day at school? 
How much does lunch at school normally cost? 
Do you bring lunch to school with you? 
Every day, do you eat rice? 
Do you miss breakfast at all? If so, how frequently and why? 
Have you got a favourite cafe? Where is that, if so? Why are you loving it? 
Will you have coffee for breakfast? 
If you meet someone who suffers with an eating disorder? 
Do you want food from Thailand? 
Chinese meals? 
Spanish meals? 
Food from America? 
Food from Mozambica? 
French cuisine? 
Food from Italy? 
f 
Do you want food that's Japanese? 
What kind of food do you want in Japan? 
If you want food that's deep fried? 
Do you prefer other countries' foods? If so, which one do you really like? 
Will you want carrots and peas? What is it for spinach? 
Can you like cooking? And why or why not? 
Will you want to eat a lot of food on a regular basis? 
Will you want to eat in restaurants serving fast food? 
Will you want to have desserts to eat? 
Will you want to eat food that's junk? 
After dinner, do you enjoy eating those desserts? 
Are you interested in eating? And why or why not? 
Will you love making breakfast every morning? And why or why not? 
Will you like to try new drinks and food? 
Do you eat out often? 
Do you choose meat or fish? 
If you like to eat at home or at a restaurant? 
Do you want rice or other kinds of food from your own country? 
Can you read the dietary facts on the foods you buy? 
Are you taking tablets containing vitamins? 
Can you believe that a vegetarian diet is healthier than a meat-inclusive diet? 
Do you think there should be fast food, soda and candy served in school cafeterias? 
After dinner, do you normally want to eat dessert? 
Were you ever on a diet? If so, how long have you been there for? 
Have you ever had dog meat? 
How long would it take for you to eat lunch? 
Every day, how much calories do most people need? 
How many meals a day do you normally eat? 
When you are sad or happy, how much do you eat? 
How much does it cost in your country to eat dinner at a hotel? 
How much rice are you eating? 
In a fast-food restaurant, how often do you eat? 
How frequently do you eat bread? 
How often do you eat fruit that's fresh? 
How often in a restaurant do you eat? (How often are you out eating?) 
Usually, where do you go? 
With whom do you usually go? 
How much are you spending? 
Have you ever gone to a restaurant in India? 
How frequently do you eat steak? 
How often do you go and drink? What is your favorite beverage? 
How frequently do you go food shopping? 
If you live abroad, what kind of food do you miss most at home? 
Is there any food you don't really like eating? 
What are some foods deemed to be unhealthy? 
What are some foods for your body that you know are healthy? 
What food do you like the most in this country? 
What did you eat yesterday for lunch? 
The last time you ate at a restaurant, what did you eat? 
What did you have this morning for breakfast? 
What did you have last night for supper? 
Every day, what do you eat for breakfast? 
When you're feeling sad, what do you eat? 
What's it that you like to drink? 
What would you like to eat for dinner? 
What do you think of food from Thailand? Chinese meals? English food? 
What do you usually eat for lunch? 
What do you usually like to drink when you go out? 
What food can you cook the best? 
What food do you hate? Why do you hate it? 
What foods do you hate? 
What foods do you love? 
What foods have you tasted which you will never forget for the rest of your life? 
What fruit do you eat the most often? 
What have you eaten so far today? 
What is a typical meal from your country? 
What is one of your favorite foods? 
What is the cheapest place to eat that you know? 
About how much is a meal? 
Where is it? 
How often do you go there? 
What is the food you like about your country. 
What is the last meal you cooked for someone else? 
What is the most expensive meal you have ever eaten? 
What is the most expensive restaurant that you have ever been to? 
What did you eat there? 
When did you go? 
Who did you go with? 
What is the most unusual thing you've ever eaten. Did it taste good or bad? 
What is the strangest thing you have ever eaten? 
What is your favorite food? 
Please describe your favorite food. 
What is your favorite dessert? 
What is your favorite fast food restaurant? 
What is your opinion of Chinese food? 
Food from America? 
British food? 
India food? 
Greek food? 
What kind of beverages do you usually drink? 
What kind of desserts do you like to eat? 
What kind of food do like to eat when you are angry? 
What kind of food do you eat between meals? 
What kind of food do you like the most? 
What kind of food do you like to eat? 
What kind of food does your mother make? 
What kind of food that you think is the least healthy? 
What kind of food that you think is the most healthy? 
What kind of food you usually eat? 
What kind of fruit do you like the best? 
What kind of restaurants you like? 
What kind of vegetables do you like? 
What kinds of food do you usually eat for lunch? 
What restaurant in this city do you recommend? 
Why is it a good place? 
About how much does a meal cost? 
What special foods do you eat on holidays? (Christmas, New Year's Day, etc.) 
What time do you usually eat breakfast? How about lunch and supper? 
What vegetable do you like best? 
What's the best restaurant you've ever been to? 
What's the best restaurant you've ever been to? Why did you like it? 
What's the strangest food you've ever eaten? 
What's your favorite dessert? 
What's your favorite drink in the summer? 
What's your favorite fish? 
What's your favorite food? 
What's your favorite fruit? 
What's your favorite junk food? 
What's your favorite kind of ethnic food? 
What's your favorite kind of food? 
What's your favorite kind of meat? 
What's your favorite restaurant? Why are you loving it? 
What's your favorite snack? 
When was the last time you ate at a restaurant? 
When was the last time you ate dinner with your mother? 
Where do you usually eat dinner? 
For breakfast? 
Hey, lunch? 
Hey, dinner? 
Which country's food do you like the most? 
Which do you eat more often, rice, bread or potatoes? 
Which fast food restaurants do like? 
Which fast food restaurants do you eat at the most often? 
Who do you usually eat dinner with? 
Why are diets usually short? 
Why can't people stop eating? 
Why do you think obesity is becoming such a problem in the United States and throughout the world? 
What do Chinese people eat for lunch? (Substitute the nationality of your students.) 
Do you know the nutritional value of the things you eat every day? 
Do you believe that "we are what we eat?" 
How many meals a day do you think should be eaten? 
Do you usually eat at home or eat at a restaurant? 
Can you name a spice or flavoring that is good for your health? 
If you were on death row, what would you request for your last meal? 
Do you pray before each meal? 
Have you ever eaten something that made you ill? 
How many calories are in one hamburger? 
If you don't know, can you make a guess? Is it more or less than an ice-cream cone? 
Have you ever had pot-luck? 
Have you ever tasted African food? 
Does your family have any special recipes that are passed down from generation to generation? 
What would you bring to a pot-luck lunch? 
Do you like brunch? 
How much should you tip the server in a restaurant? 
What type of restaurants would you not tip in? 
Have you ever found something disgusting in your food? 
Have you ever sent food back in a restaurant? 
Have you ever left a restaurant without paying ("dined and dashed")? 
Do you like trying new foods? 
What new foods have you tried this month? 
What is the strangest food you have ever tried? 
Do you have any food allergies? 
Which food from this country do you like the least? 
What do you think about super-sizing? 
Should fast food restaurants serve healthier food? 
Are food portions too big for our health? 
What food would you like to see in a restaurant in this country? 
Do you think it is good to count calories when you are eating? 
Which food is overpriced? 
What differences do you notice in the preparation of American/British/Australian and Chinese/Japanese/Korean foods? 
Do the utensils we use to eat affect the kind or way we prepare the foods we eat? 
Do you think that food defines a culture? If so, how? 
Do you notice any differences in the way food is served at the table when you travel? 
Do you enjoy eating intestines? (Substitute in other foods that students are not likely to enjoy.) 
How does the etiquette of eating together in your country differ from other countries? 
Are there any foods that bring back special memories for you? What are they? 
What can you do when a fishbone is caught in your throat? 
If you were invited to a fancy dinner with the president or a celebrity, what would you do to prepare? 
Name a spice or flavoring that is good for your health? 
What to do when you cut your finger preparing food? 
Have you ever thought food was your only friend? 
What types of foods do Japanese people eat? 
What types of foods do Chinese people eat?