In your culture, are there any famous tales of friendship? 
Is it possible to identify one of your best friends? 
If you have any friendships from childhood that are still solid today? Say them to us. 
Have you had some long-distance friends? 
How do you and your long-distance mates keep in touch? 
How much do you see your mates from a long distance? 
If you think borrowing money from a friend is a smart idea? And why or why not? 
Do you quickly make friends? 
Has a buddy ever let you down? 
Did you find any friends on the Internet? 
How much do you write to them? 
Did you ever meet them in person? 
How are your friendships now different from when you were a child? 
How do you maintain a relationship that is good? 
How are you making new friends? 
How many people do you consider "best friends?" 
Is it common to have intergenerational friendships? 
What are the benefits and drawbacks of these kinds of friendships? 
Do you have friends from a generation other than you? 
There is a saying, "To have a good friend, you need to be a good friend." 
How is it that you could be a good friend? 
Usually, what do you do with your friends? 
What variables can lead to the breakdown of a good friendship? 
What's a friend of the best? 
What is the longest friendship that you have had? 
What differentiates friends from family? 
What are the qualities in a friend that you think are important? 
What's a buddy? 
What are the things friends should never do? 
Why do you like this best friend of yours? 
What are some of the things about your best friend that you like? 
Where's a good place for new friends to meet? 
Where is a good place to meet a new friend? 
Do you think, without becoming a girlfriend or boyfriend, it is possible to have a best friend of the opposite sex? 
Do you think you might still be friends with an ex-boyfriend or a former girlfriend? 
There is a proverb that says, "A friend in need is a friend indeed." Do you agree with that? 
Do you believe that any true friendships are coming to an end? 
Do you think your friends should be your parents? 
What do you do if you receive a call from a friend but have forgotten his name? 
Friendship is the relationship that is most significant. Do you agree? About why? Why not? 
What do you like best about your best friend(s)? 
What are some ways your best friend has influenced your life in a positive way? 
How close do you get to your friends? 
Why do you need a friend? 
What do you do when you have a misunderstanding with your friend? 
Do you trust all of your friends? About why? 
What is the best time for making new friends? 
What was your best friendship? 
Are you still friends with him or her? 
What life lessons did you learn from this relationship? 
What qualities do you appreciate in your friends? What makes someone special or best friend? 
Why are friendships important for you? Do you still maintain friendships from the past? 
How long have you known your best friend? Where did you meet and what did you have in common? 
What are some good opportunities to meet new people? 
How can you get to better know a person? 
What is the relationship between love and friendship? 
Who is the most interesting person you have ever met? 
Do you think famous people are happier than ordinary people? About why? 
What type of people do you get along with best? 
What quality do you admire most in people and which one do you find the most objectionable? 
What behavior of others hurts you most? When you have upset someone by your actions, what do you try to do? 
What do you consider to be your good and bad qualities? 
What qualities help you to have good relationships with others? 
What traits or actions make an interpersonal conflict worse? 
Are relationships among people better or worse than a few years ago? About why? Give some examples. 
Do you think that dysfunctional family life contributes to worsening relationships in society? 
Is getting along with others a natural ability from birth or does it have to be learnt? 
How important is forgiveness in human relationships? 
What are friends for? 
Can you be friends with your student if you are a teacher? 
To what extent can you be friends with your child? 
What was your best friendship? Are you still friends with him or her? What life lessons did you learn from this relationship? 
Do you tell your best friend everything? 
Do you have a close group of friends? 
What do you usually do together 
Is it easy for you to make friends? 
Talk about friends you've made in this country. 
Are you good friends with your family members? 
Do you fight with your friends? 
How often do you talk with your friends? 
What is the difference between friendship and 'kinship' (blood relatives)? 
Do you have different groups of friends who never meet one another? 
*Are you a different 'self' with each group? 
* Do you think these groups would get along if you 
introduced them to one another? 
* Would you want these friends to mix,or do you get 
something different from each set of relationships? 
There is a saying that "to lose a friend you need to start sharing a flat with him/her". Do you agree? Why/Why not? 
What would you do if your best friend, that never betrayed you and you thought your relationship to be brother/sister asked you out on a date? 
Do you think you can find eternal friendships through the internet? 
What is your best friend like?