What will the future hold? 
How is the future going to be? 
Who invented the first machine ever? 
And what is AI? 
What is the concept of a 'robot'? 
What's robotics about? 
From where did the term 'robot' originate? 
Are robots willing to tie shoes? 
Are robots going to replace humans? 
Can our work be taken away by robots? 
How will the world be affected by the creation of robots that think? 
Can a robot be trained to do your work as well as you - imagine the position you like to hold when you grow older? 
The concept that we could live in virtual reality has been discussed by a film like The Matrix. But what proof is there for this theory or against it? And what are the consequences? 
Are you aware of ISAAC ASIMOV? What has he been doing? 
Is it possible to dream about movies that have robots in them? 
Have you enjoyed this film? 
Do you think that for each innovation we build a new problem? Only ask about examples. 
Is there anything that you would like to see invented that is not yet available? What's that? 
Where are you looking to attend college? 
In the future, what kind of work would you like to do? 
How do you get a career of that type? 
Are you going to make a lot of money from that job? 
Will you want to get married? 
Will you know who you are marrying? 
Whose high school are you planning to apply to? 
For the next decade, how do we protect the future? 
In the future, how can machines change? 
In the future, how can cellphones change? 
In future days, how will transportation develop? 
In the future, how old will people continue to be? 
In the future, what kind of changes could occur in health care? 
In the future, will there be yet another world war? How do we keep a world war from happening? 
Where in the future do you intend to go? 
Will fortune-tellers foreshadow the future? 
Is it important for the future to know? 
Before you die, where do you want to travel? 
What in your life are you planning to do? 
How's technology going to change? 
Do you think that life for our grandchildren would be more complicated or easier? Of what manner? 
How do you expect that your country is going to improve in the future? 
How in the future can the United States and the world order change? 
What do you think you're going to change in the future? 
If you think the outlook for your grandkids is going to be better or worse? 
Do they go to college with robots? 
Will a robot marry you? 
Can you agree the robots will one day act as providers of childcare? 
If your kid liked the robot more than he or she liked you, how would you feel? 
In the future, how can machines change? 
Where in the future do you intend to go? 
How do you expect that your country is going to improve in the future? 
How is that going to change the United States and the world order? 
If you think the outlook for your grandkids is going to be better or worse? Of what manner? 
How long in the future will people live? 
Would you want to live on another planet? 
Before humans step into space, does the universe solve all of its problems? 
What is the future of money? 
What if you were able to configure genetics for your kids? You'd like to? What were you trying to change? 
Do you think it's possible to save animals? 
You want to live in a town within a building? 
Do you think it is feasible for faster-than-light travel? 
Will you wonder who your future husband will be? 
Do you think robots can act as providers of childcare one day? 
If we actually figured out that on other worlds, there were alien cultures, will that affect our world? What? How? 
What will we do for them if we could make molecule-sized robots? 
In the next 100 years, what new kinds of energy could be used? About the next 1000 years? 
In 1,000,000 years, what would the human race look like? 
Will you want to, if it were possible to read minds? 
What are the vehicles of the future going to do? 
What are potential houses supposed to look like? 
Would you like to live under the ocean if you could? 
If it meant surviving for 1000 years, will you become a half-robot? 
If you could fly faster than light on a spaceship and come down to Earth in 1,000 years, will you do it? 
Is one world society going to exist? What would it look like, if so? 
You like to live in cyberspace? What should you have done there? How does it vary in fact from life? 
You think the World is going to be overpopulated? Will any trees be left? 
Will you want your house to have a robot? 
Who's going to live on the moon? Should land be owned and sold on the moon? 
In the future, what will school be like? 
Have you got an idea about an invention? 
Are robots going to be as smart as people? Would they all have jobs? 
In the future, what are the good and detrimental consequences of technology? 
When you don't want your work right now. What work do you want to have in the future? 
What is the fantasy of your lifetime?