What is the concept of "homosexual"? And for "heterosexual"? 
To apply to homosexuals, are there many words in your language? 
How many of them are, you might say, not offensive? 
What is it like in your country to be gay? 
Are you familiar with someone who's gay? 
How about actors of some kind? 
Or some person in history? 
Does the latest TV series have any gay characters? 
Are you able to tell us about them? 
Do you believe that gay people in our culture have enough role models for which to associate themselves? 
Do you think a good portrayal of gays is depicted in such references? 
Will they help to boost their self-esteem in the gay community? 
What sense does "homophobia" have? 
Is there, in your opinion, homophobia in our society? Oh, if not, why? 
Do you think there's some way the gay community is being discriminated against? 
If so, why do you believe prejudice like that exists? 
When they find out they are gay, what struggles do you think anyone is going through? 
You think they're supposed to want to change? 
Can they claim that they are homosexual, in your opinion? 
What do you think the reaction of your parents will be if you told them you're gay? 
Do you think it will be better / bad for one of them? 
Do you think their first response will stick, or is it going to change? 
How about the reaction of your closest friend? 
If one of your children told you they were gay, how would you react? 
What are the biggest challenges at college that gays have to face? 
Is it better for a gay guy to live in a city or in a village? 
In certain nations, is being gay more difficult than others? 
Can a homosexual, in your view, be a religious person? 
What are the biggest issues gays have in the army? 
What are the ways in which the gay community seeks to counter homophobia? Were they succeeding? 
What were their major successes in the last 25 years? 
How relevant are groups or gay associations? 
Do you think that being lesbian is perceived in our culture as being worse, the same or better than being gay? 
Were they actually overlooked? 
Can you name a prominent lesbian in history? 
Do you think the same rights exist for gays and heterosexuals? Have they got fair duties? 
Whose view do you have on gay marriage? 
What do you make of gay couples' adoptions? 
Do you think gay families as well as heterosexual families will grow up kids? Oh, if not, why? 
Is AIDS merely a big concern for homosexuals? 
What do you know about the disease in question? 
How do you consider it to be transmitted? 
Can the term "stereotype" be defined? 
What myths are you familiar with about gays?