What is the Difference of a Generation? 
Have you ever felt your mates' age gap? 
How are you getting through the age gap? 
When is it that you sense the age gap the most? 
Is an age gap possible to overcome? 
At what point of life does it appear like the age gap is the largest? 
Can you think in the future you would be a better parent than your own parents? 
Do you think it's OK to date or marry someone, older or younger, of a different age to you? 
Do some people think marrying a much older man is OK, but not a much older woman? Are you agreeing? 
How would you feel if a generation older than your mother were your father? Are you familiar with a family where this is the case? 
For a relationship or marriage between multiple generations, what might be any problems? 
Do you think the battle of your generation is like the fight of your parents' generation? 
What do you think any of the gains or pitfalls of another generation are? 
When did you first, in your opinion, become an adult? 
With generation differences, what part does music play? 
What is the advantage of an age gap, and when is it a hindrance? 
How can you bridge the divide between generations? 
Will you talk about everything with your parents? 
Do you ever disagree on issues such as culture, style and values with your parents/grandparents? 
How many years of disparity does a generation gap produce? 
Is it possible for friends to be parents and children? 
What drives a generation's styles, principles and interests? 
With their ways of thought and decisions, are people from the "older" generation always more wise and correct? And why or why not? 
Do you ever clash on issues such as culture, style and beliefs with your friends/ parents/relatives/grandparents? 
Is it possible for friends to be parents and children? Or for individuals of multiple generations to be friends? 
What drives a generation's styles, principles and interests? How long has a century been? 
What is an example of a moment when there was a dispute or conflict between you and your friends/parents/relatives/grandparents? Do you think this has been related to the age gap? 
Do you agree the generation gaps cause older generations to have more "authority" in their ties with younger people? 
What are certain things about which people of multiple generations disagree? Is it even possible for individuals of multiple generations to compromise on things? 
They say it's around 10 years for each generation. Will any generation (such as Generation X, the Baby Boomers, etc) be "categorize" or "label"? 
Will educators be mindful of the difference between them and their students in terms of generation? What should be said with this? Is it possible to reduce the difference by being adaptable, or can students adapt to their teachers? 
Do you feel like your mum, dad, grandmother or grandfather is more of a generation gap? Why do you think the situation is this? 
If your friends/parents/relatives/grandparents don't have generation differences, what are any reasons why they don't happen in your relationships with them? 
Do you think your life is simpler and tougher than that of your parents? 
What function does technical progress play in the creation of a 
Gap with generation? 
Will people's recreational activities be labeled by decades of "radio, television, computer"? 
What shifts could lead to a generation gap in conventional values? 
In structures like astrology or the Enneagram, have you found valuable information? [personality] [personality] 
When you see an elderly person, what do you think? 
Do you think they're dull older people? 
Will you ever date anyone much older than you or younger than you? 
When you were 12 years old, what was the most popular music around? Now? Now? How have you and your music changed? 
There are some marriages between older women and younger men in Hollywood today. If you think that's affecting the opinions of people? 
Do some people think marrying a much older man, but not a woman, is OK? Are you agreeing? 
Are you familiar with a family where this is the case? 
Do you think that battling your generation is close to fighting your parents' generations? 
Why do young generations always blame the last generation for a lot of challenges they face? 
If you could send the next century one crucial letter, what will it be? 
Do you think that you are going to face a generation gap for your kids? What are certain discrepancies that are noticeable when witnessing a generation gap in music, design, personality, mannerisms? 
How does an age gap impact two people's interaction? 
What are the main signs that there is a generation gap? 
How in the workplace does an age gap trigger problems? 
School School 
Relationships that 
Vacations/Festivals 
What are certain anomalies in the age gaps of your society relative to the gaps in another culture's own generation gaps? 
What triggers the creation of generation gaps? 
How do age differences vary from those of your parents or even your ancestors today? 
How over time do generation differences change/evolve with individuals? 
Do you see an age difference between the younger generation and yourself? Who does that concern? 
Do you believe like because of an age gap, your parents don't appreciate you?