What do you know, any gestures? 
In your country, what are some nice gestures? 
In your country, what are some disrespectful gestures? 
Can you think about any gestures in various countries that have different meanings? 
Is your trainer ever used an okay hand and/or facial gesture? In the nation of the teacher, but an insult in your country? If so, did you warn the instructor that this wasn't going to happen again? 
What are those terrible movements you've seen in Western movies, but you don't know what it means? 
What are some of the movements you used when you were a kid that you no longer use? 
There are certain movements you didn't understand until you were a young adult or a teenager? 
What are certain gestures that apply to the sports world that you know? 
Have you ever made a social error in foreign countries by using inappropriate gestures? 
What gesture do you think is different from other cultures of your culture? 
If your teacher ever used a gesture you didn't know you knew for sure? If so, please try to mimic the gesture and say what it means to you. 
What gestures, in your view, do people everywhere in the world understand? 
Do gestures help you understand and communicate yourself to others, or are they frustrating and irritating sometimes? 
In sign language, would you hear anything? 
How do people in your world, when they talk, move their hands? 
If you know any movements with your feet that you can make? What are they referring to? 
Why do you think people show themselves by gestures? 
In your country, how do you signal a waiter? 
How do you say someone's had a phone call? 
How are you meant to signal that somebody is crazy? 
What's a gesture for peace in your country? And if you're showing it backwards? (I.e. in Hong Kong, when you use a "V" peace symbol, if the back of the hand faces the crowd, that means "F*** You!") 
Why are you finding out that you are bored? Hey, tired? Huh? Angry? 
How do you make a "Go away!" gesture? 
Have you ever made your own gesture or any body like your friends or relatives that has never been excited before? 
What are certain universal expressions for assistance? Strangling? 
What are the "bad" gestures you've seen in Western movies, but you don't know the meaning of them? (You ought to be vigilant not to offend someone here, so if you're not told by your trainer, then who should you ask?) 
How do you in your country count on your fingers? 
What do you call someone in your country to come to you? 
When is it right to point? 
When drinking beer, what movements do you have? 
What is your favorite friend's gesture? 
Can you use your hands to "talk"? 
Do you know anyone who does it? 
Have you ever explained something on the phone to someone and noticed that you were using movements, but you could not be seen by the individual? 
Do you think it's universal for those gestures? 
What are the "I don't know", "You are crazy", "money" and "come here" gestures in your country?