What's the main priority in life? 
How are you planning on achieving that objective? 
What are the purposes of the "short term"? 
What are the expectations for the "long term"? 
Should parents help set targets for their kids? 
What are your priorities for education? 
What are your priorities for your career? 
What are your financial objectives? 
Why are targets important? 
Is it effective in being good to have a goal in life? 
In encouraging an individual, is getting a target helpful? 
As they get older, do you think people have fewer goals? 
Will you have any priorities that you deem to be unrealistic? 
How do the priorities of individuals change from country to country? 
In your new work, what are your objectives? 
What are the key differences between the priorities of males and females? 
None of the targets have you accomplished already? 
How would you feel if you failed to fulfill all of your objectives? 
Do you think writing your priorities down and ticking them off while you meet them is a smart idea? 
How important to you are the objectives? 
What are you planning to do by the time you are sixty? 
What is a target? 
Will goals help transform life for you? What? How? 
In your life, what ambitions do you have? 
Is setting goals important? 
Will you have a five-year life plan? 
How do you feel if you can't hit your goal? 
What are your priorities as a family? 
To achieve success, are goals necessary? 
How do plans and priorities relate? 
Are you enough ambitious to accomplish the targets you have set? 
Will you have religious/spiritual goals? 
Is it one of your priorities to be able to speak to your English teacher's children? 
Do you think people, when they get older, have fewer goals? 
How do you act if you fail to fulfill all of your objectives? 
There is something that you have never managed to do but wish you had? 
In your family, who is successful? About why? 
Tell me about a target you've reached on your own. 
In this English class, what success have you had? To be more competitive, what can you do? 
Can you think that in order to become popular, people have to work hard? And why or why not? 
Can you conceive of a wealthy citizen in your own county? What are they doing? What do you think they've done this? 
What kind of achievement do you hope to achieve in your life in the future? 
What will you do now in order to be successful in the future? 
Can you believe that it means popularity with wealth and fame?