Are you a fitness spa or gym member? 
Will you dislike needles? 
Are you in good health? 
Your parents, are they healthy? 
Can you feel like you need to lose weight? 
Do you only eat food that's healthy? 
You bruise quickly, do you? 
Is it more than once a year that you catch a cold? 
Can you treat alcohol as a drug? 
Are you drinking a lot? 
Are you eating lots of vegetables? 
Are you eating enough of fruit? 
Every day, do you eat vegetables? 
Are you having headaches at all? 
If you know someone who suffers from headaches due to migraines? 
Can you ever read fitness magazines or news articles? If so, what topic(s) do you think the most interesting? 
Are you exercising? 
What sort of workout are you doing? 
How much do you exercise? 
Do you go for medical check-ups on a daily basis? 
Will you go twice a year to the dentist? 
Are you feeling a lot of stress? 
Do you usually go to one doctor in particular, or to any doctor available? 
Are you suffering from any allergies? 
Have you got any scars? 
Where are they located? 
Are you interested in showing them to the class? 
Are you familiar with anyone who suffers from backaches? 
Will you know anyone who has fake teeth? 
Can you eat fast food often? 
Are you smoking? 
If so, is it more than two cigarettes a day that you smoke? 
And you think that it's not harmful for your wellbeing to smoke? 
When you are ill, do you take medicine? 
Can you take mineral supplements or vitamins? 
Are you taking vitamins? 
If you think having a cat in your house is unhealthy? 
If you think it's safe for nuclear power? 
Do you think pets are helpful for the welfare of a person? 
Do you think cigarette companies should be held fairly accountable for the addiction of an individual to nicotine? 
Are you worried maybe you're overweight? 
You think you're going to live to a ripe old age? And why or why not? 
Can you think that you're going to be a good surgeon? And why or why not? 
Will you wake up using an alarm clock? 
Typically, do you get enough sleep? 
Are you controlling your weight? What are the foods that you find are healthy? 
Were you ever hospitalized? 
(Have you been to the hospital before?) 
Did you ever go to an acupuncturist? What are you saying about acupuncture? 
Did you ever break a bone? 
Did you ever use hot water to burn yourself? 
Have you donated blood before? 
Did you ever get a black eye? 
Have you ever had your teeth with braces? 
Did you ever get stitches? 
If you sprained your foot at all? 
Have you ever taken a sleeping pill in order to fall asleep? 
How in your life can you reduce stress? 
What have you been lately? 
How many hours do you get a night's sleep? 
How many sleeping hours do you normally get? 
How much do you eat fast food? 
What kind of junk food are you eating? 
How much do you exercise? 
How much is it that you catch a cold? 
(How often do you catch a cold?) 
In one year, how much do you get sick? 
How much do you go to the doctor's office? 
How much in your neighborhood is trash collected? 
How would you prefer that a cold be treated? 
When a corporation sells a substance to the consumer that they know to be dangerous or addictive, should they be kept liable for the use of that product even if it is licensed by the government? 
If you're smoking, how old were you when you began smoking? 
What would you do to boost the health of Koreans if you were the President of Korea? 
Should it be illegal to smoke in restaurants? 
What are certain items that individuals should do to remain healthy? 
What are certain stress-causing things? 
What are certain ways for depression to be dealt with? 
What are certain ways that you feel you can keep yourself safe, personally? 
Whose condition worries you the most? About why? 
What are you doing in order to remain healthy? 
(What are those things that you're doing to stay healthy?) 
If you can't get to sleep, what are you doing? 
What are your thoughts about abortion? Why is it supported by some people and others are against it? 
What are you thinking about growing old? 
What do you believe is Korea's most significant health problem? 
What do you make of surgery for cosmetics? Will you meet anybody who underwent plastic surgery? Will you ever imagine doing surgery for cosmetics? 
What kind of beverages do you think are healthy? What are the beverages you find are unhealthy? 
What diet do you think is safe for you? What are the foods that you find are unhealthy? 
If you're new to the city, what is the easiest place to find a doctor? 
What is the most efficient way to quit smoking? 
What is the most terrible accident that you've ever had? 
What is the average age of individuals in your nation? 
What is the most dangerous kind of pollution? 
When you were a kid, what time did you go to bed? 
What's the most efficient way to quit smoking? 
What temperature is the best you've ever had? 
What's your kind of blood? 
When did you take a bath for the last time? 
When did you go to a dentist for the last time? 
When did you go see a hospital for the last time? 
When did you go to the doctor for the last time? 
When were you ill for the last time? 
When you were in high school, how many school days did you miss out on because of illness each year? 
Who do you think is accountable for your health care—you, your parents, or your doctor and your medical professionals? 
Who in your family is the healthiest person? What will be the least healthy? 
Why are people smoking? 
Following your passing, would you consider donating your organs? 
In your country, what is the health service like? 
What do you think about this country's health service? 
How is it likely to improve the health service? 
Ever since you got here, have you been to the hospital? 
What are you familiar with about the SARS virus? 
What are you aware of about AIDS? 
What do you know about the cold that's common? 
What does complementary medicine mean? 
Have you practiced herbal medicine at some time? 
When you have a cough, what therapies or remedies do you follow? 
When you are ill, what kind of drug do you want to take? 
How much is your bathroom cleaned? 
Do you clean up as much as your parents did when you were a kid? 
What parent did much of the household cleaning in your household? 
How old were you before you had start helping with the dishes/laundry/vacuuming/dusting/? 
Were the chores split evenly between men and women? 
Do people in your country normally wear deodorant? 
How much do people in your country shower? 
Have you ever ended a relationship when your wife washed too much or too little? 
Have you ever ended a relationship when your wife had poor hygiene? 
Do you like cleaning? The kind of cleaning do you love most? 
How much do you wash your teeth? 
Have you ever swept anything under the rug? 
Do you use heavy cleaners like bleach and ammonia? 
Have you ever bought a magic cleaner from a TV infomercial? 
What's the fastest way to wash stains out? 
What alternative health treatments do you know about? 
Have you ever tried any natural health therapies? 
Do you think conventional medicine is a good alternative to modern medicine? 
Under what cases can conventional or complementary medicine be used? 
Do you think conventional treatments are consistent with modern medicine? And why or why not? 
What are the benefits or drawbacks of medical medicine? 
What are the benefits or drawbacks of alternative medicine? 
What do you complain of? 
What is wrong for you? 
Are you any appetite? 
How long have you been ill? 
Have you some pain the back of your head? 
How long has it been before you started to feel bad? 
Are you a sour taste in your mouth? 
Do you feel nauseous? 
Will you sleep well? 
Is it impossible to swallow? 
Do we continue to eat as much junk food as we do?