When is the vacation celebrated? 
As a family or a party, is it celebrated? 
Is this holiday observed by your family? 
Is this holiday already been observed by your family? If not, when have you begun to celebrate it? 
When does this holiday celebration normally begin? 
Is it a holiday for religion? 
What faith celebrates it? 
Is it part of the festival to visit a temple or a church on that day? 
Are there special blessings or prayers that go with the holiday? 
Are there special foods that are tied to the holiday? 
Did you drink all of these foods? 
Did you like the food, or did you? 
Can these foods be made? Are you good at producing them? 
Is offering a present a part of this holiday? 
Are there particular types of gifts that need to be given? 
To whom are they being given? 
What are some of the items that are done to indicate that they are following this holiday? 
Is it a celebration purely American? 
When did this holiday get accepted by Congress? Or have they? 
Is it just an official holiday by the state or city? 
Did authorities ever disapprove of it? 
What does a vacation stand for? Why is it celebrated on this holiday? 
For this holiday, are the banks, post offices or schools closed? 
Is there a human or a deity that is related to the holiday? 
Who are they and do you have faith in them? 
Although you don't believe in these people or gods, does it annoy you in some way (e.g., neglected, overlooked, frustrated, etc.) to celebrate them? 
Are you loving this holiday? 
And why or why not? 
Will you decorate the holiday exterior of your house? 
Are the neighbours decorating their own homes? 
How is the building decorated? 
Is it decorated on the inside? What? How? 
Are there any special songs related to the holiday? 
Are you familiar with the songs? 
Are you willing to sing any of them? 
Will this holiday have special services for schools, temples or churches? 
Are parties there? 
Are they for grown-ups, kids or both? 
At this holiday, do you see your relatives? 
Who have you visited? 
Will you visit them on this holiday every year? 
How many distinct nationalities or cultural groups do you see this holiday being celebrated? 
Typically, what do you do with this holiday? 
Last year, what did you do? 
Next year, what would you like to do? 
Are the cards for this holiday sent or given? 
Last year, did you submit any cards? 
How many cards have you sent? 
Who have you been delivering cards to? 
What are the typical colors related to this holiday? 
During this holiday, are you doing anything different? 
You want to go on a cruise? And why or why not? 
Are you going to go back again to the same place? 
Have you ever entered a race in order to win a vacation? 
Compare the experience of becoming a tourist to becoming a student abroad. 
Will you take a job where you had to fly once a month, at least? 
What are the five most important things to carry on every holiday, in your opinion? 
Is a 'working weekend' actually a vacation? 
Who do you know just wants a break, and why? When are they meant to go and what do they do? 
Compare holidays in caravans with youth hostels. 
Compare sleeping in a tent to living in a hotel with five stars. 
Compare flying with a friend to traveling alone. 
Compare do-it-yourself tours with kit tours. 
If you think that a package holiday is a smart idea for pets? 
What kind of tours and events are they meant to give, if so? 
How much are they going to be? 
On the same trip, should dogs and cats be allowed to travel? 
What holidays in your country have disappeared? 
What's your favourite holiday for parents? 
What new holidays in your country do you need? 
What type of vacation should be abolished? 
What are some of your fondest memories of Thanksgiving? 
What kind of traditional food do you eat for Thanksgiving? 
Where is the best place to be for the holidays? 
Do you think holidays are important? Why? 
What kinds of thing do you like to do on the holidays? 
Do you ever feel blue during the holidays? What do you do about it? 
Do you think pets need holidays? What kinds of holidays would we have for pets? 
What games do you play during your holidays? 
How many holidays do you have in your country? 
What special foods are associated with your favorite holiday? 
What special clothing/customs are associated with your favorite holiday? 
What is your favorite holiday memory? Tell us about it. 
Who is your favorite holiday character (e.g. Santa Claus)? Why? 
What are three holidays that you like to spend with your family? 
What is your worst holiday memory? Tell us about it. 
If you had a long holiday, what will you do with it? 
Do you like to stay up late on holidays? 
Who do you usually spend the holidays with? 
If a holiday falls on a Sunday, should you get another day off? 
What is best present you ever received? 
What is your favorite holiday food? 
What is your favorite holiday song? 
Does it bother you that some holidays are religious and some are not? 
Do you celebrate holidays differently now than you did when you were a child? 
What is your favorite holiday festival in your country? 
Do you light off fireworks on New Years Eve in your country? 
If you could visit any other country during Christmas, where would you go? 
What holiday is the most dangerous in your country? 
What holiday is the most exciting in your country? 
Why do we celebrate Easter? 
Do you celebrate Easter in your country? 
How do you celebrate Easter in your country? 
Do you have any special family traditions? 
Did the original meaning of Easter get lost? 
What do you think of Father's Day? Mother's Day? Parent's Day? 
What are 3 holidays that you like to spend with your family? 
If you had a long holiday, what will you do with it? Do you like to stay up late on holidays? 
What's your favorite holiday food? 
What kinds of religious holidays have become secular in your country? 
Is there any religious holiday that has a special meaning for you? 
Is there any non-religious holiday that has a special meaning for you?