Is it possible to identify each room in your house? 
What does it look like on the exterior of your house? 
Where should you park your car at your place of residence? 
Do you love the place where you live? And why or why not? 
In your home, what's your favorite room? About why? 
In your home country and in this country, how are homes distinct? 
How has your home changed after you began staying there? 
How long have you lived in the place where you now live? 
How many distinct houses have you been living in? 
What was the one you liked the best? About why? 
What was the one you least liked? About why? 
In your building, how many rooms are there? 
How much rent do you have? (This could not be considered a friendly topic for other individuals.) 
If there is something you could alter in your current home, what will that be? 
Is your home situated in a comfortable place? 
What improvements would you want your home to make? 
What is it that you enjoy in your home? What do you dislike? 
What do you think is the worst living room color? 
What's in the bedroom there? 
What stuff couldn't you do without in your home? 
What stuff could you possibly do without in your house? 
Where will the house of your imagination be? 
What will the inside and the outside look like? 
Which is the space in which you spend the least time? 
In which room are you wasting the most time? 
Who are those neighbours of yours? 
Will you and your neighbours get along well? 
How do you know them well? 
How did you and your neighbors do? 
Who dwells with you? / And with whom do you live? 
Will you want a home or an apartment to move in? About why? 
Is a single house a home? 
What makes 'a building' a 'home'? 
Were you ever homesick? Have you recently altered something in your house? And if so, what was it? 
In your home, what would you like to change? 
What is your front door color? 
What sort of accommodation would you prefer? 
What is your House of Dreams? 
Will you enjoy keeping your dogs at home? 
Near your house, are there any parks? 
What odd materials have been used to make houses that you know of? 
Can you build yourself a house? How would you have done that? (You can't be helped by a builder) 
Without power, how do you live? Will you make electricity yourself? What? How? 
How is it possible to make houses more eco friendly? 
In your country, explain how you go about buying a home. Can you borrow a bank's money? Is buying and selling houses easy? 
When planning a city, what is relevant to consider? Is your town been planned? Describe a city that is fine 
Draw/describe your dream house (no problem with money), where, materials, architecture, interior, landscaping, etc. 
Imagine that you have arrived in a country where your language is not spoken. You don't have any money there or any friends. What are you going to do with the accommodation? 
Give any explanations why individuals are being homeless. 
What concerns do owners of homes have? What are they going to do with them? 
Is renting or owning better? Provide reasons to give your answer. 
What do you expect houses will be like in the future? 
How important does protection matter? How do you protect a house? 
When selecting a house to move in, make a list of the 10 most important things you will look for. 
Most people claim their houses are too close to crates or cages. Are you agreeing or disagreeing? About why? 
What are the positives of a home stay and its disadvantages? 
List the alternatives to a flat or home. (Iglu, e.g.) 
What are the strengths of these options and their drawbacks? Where would you like to remain in as an alternative? 
What are the pros and cons of living in a tiny house/flat/apartment? And living in a huge one? 
Have you got a beautiful garden in your home? In your backyard, do you grow flowers and trees? Do you help water those plants/flowers for your mother/father? 
In your house, do you grow fish? What sort of fish, if so? 
What one do you like best, a home with a lovely garden or a home without one? 
In your house, do you have a mini swimming pool? 
A field with a basketball ball 
A table for ping pong? 
Are you helping to mow the grass in the garden? 