Can you use the Internet often? 
When have you used the Internet for the first time? 
How many hours do you use the internet every day? 
How many hours do you use the Internet a week? 
Who in your family uses the Internet the most? 
In order to access the Internet, what device do you use? 
What are some safety issues that you have to worry about while using the Internet? 
Using the Internet, have you ever bought something? 
How is the internet going to help you learn English? Are you taking advantage of it? 
How is it possible to develop the Internet? 
How much do you use the internet? 
Do you think the Internet has changed our lives? 
Do you have any ideas or goals for starting an Internet business? 
Do you think men or women are preferred by the Internet? 
For various reasons, do men and women use the internet? 
For fun or schooling, do you use the Internet? 
What are some of the ways in which the Internet for education can be used? 
What are some of the ways it is possible to use the Internet for entertainment? 
What are the places that you visit most frequently? 
What's the best Internet thing about it? 
What issues is the Internet creating? What issues can it solve? 
What company is the provider of your Internet? 
Why did this business want you? 
Are you happy with the service they have? 
How much would it cost you? 
In your country, is it costly to access the Internet by cell phone? 
On the Internet, is there too much sex? 
Will your family have access to the wireless Internet at home? 
From your cell phone, can you access the Internet? 
What kind of sites do you use your phone to access? 
Have you got a lot of e-mail addresses? 
Why do you need more than one e-mail address for this? 
Did you ever talk on the Internet? 
Is meeting people on the Internet dangerous? 
Are you interested in going on a date with someone you meet on the Internet? 
Do you agree that governments are entitled to censor the Internet? 
Do you think the Internet is healthy for kids? Why the 
Do you think it is critical that schools have access to the Internet? About why? 
Can you believe all the (available) knowledge that is published on the Internet? 
Do you think people should place their friends' pictures on the Internet? 
Why is getting books and magazines published on the Internet a good idea? 
Do you believe that playing video games is a positive or poor habit for young people? 
Why should you be careful about handing out personal details in chat rooms to people you meet? 
Give me a reason why you believe email is a good way for individuals to communicate. 
Do you believe it is nice or bad to function at home using the Internet? 
When you visit their website, several disreputable businesses collect personal information from your machine. Why would this be bad? 
Without paying any money for it, many people download MP3 audio. Do you think it's a problem? 
Will you imagine going out on the Internet with someone you've met? 
What is the most significant aspect of the Internet, in your opinion? 
Do you agree that it's better to meet people than to meet people face to face? 
Are old people disadvantaged by the Internet use of today? What? How? 
Trust is very important when you purchase something on the Internet. About why? 
Do you think that libraries will be replaced by the Internet? 
Do you think online banking (being able to use the Internet and ATM machines to do most of your banking) would become common in all countries? What a downside this is. 
It is possible to buy your groceries online in many major cities and get them delivered to your house. Why did it become popular? 
Why is uploading movies and music from the Internet illegal? 
What is a virus on a computer and how do we protect our machines from being infected? 
How does the Internet allow individuals to connect with each other from various countries? 
Knowledge is connected together on the Internet; it's not just single papers. Why is this meaningful? 
How can we avoid young kids from looking at sites with pornographic content on the Internet? 
Do you think any individuals spend too much time on the Phone, and does that deter them from seeing their friends? About why? 
Do you think that it is mostly for wealthy people to have Internet access? Is it going to disadvantage disadvantaged people? 
You can sell personal products on the Internet in some countries (E-Bay). Do you think it's a good idea here? 
Online courses are also offered by several universities. Give me a few reasons why it's a good thing here. 
Online courses are also offered by several universities. Give me a few reasons why it's a bad thing here. 
If you want accurate and good Internet information, then you should check for sites run by what kinds of organizations? 
Do you think that it is an anti-social practice to use the Internet? 
E-commerce has become very common (buying and selling items on the Internet). Give yourself a reason for it? 
Is it easier to make an online purchase or go to a shop? About why? 
Why is it so important that personal information on the Internet is not given out? 
Many places need you to have passwords and ID's. Why do we have to keep them safe? 
Some websites contain very hazardous material, such as how to build a bomb. How can these websites be controlled? 
Do you think they can still keep this private if you have a website with personal information? They sell this knowledge occasionally. Is this a negative or a positive thing? 
In order to find details, search engines are used. Do you think that the best sites are always offered to you or do they send you sites that pay money to be at the top of the list? 
This is, what is, 
About copyright? How should we break it up? 
Internet copyright legislation?