What were mankind's greatest and most useful inventions in the 20th and 21st centuries? 
What famous inventors are you familiar with? 
What have their inventions been? 
Do you know something about Leonardo da Vinci's inventions? 
How did the advent of television transform the lives of individuals? 
Do you think it is an innovation that is useful? 
In your life, what is the position of television? 
How much do you watch it? 
When did you purchase your first cell phone or get it? 
Do you think you can live without your cell phone or is it an important part of your everyday life right now? 
When the battery is flat or you are out of control, are you anxious? 
What do scientists say about cell phones' effects on our health? 
Are you using the Internet? 
What are the Internet resources you're using? 
Do you feel some Internet addiction? 
How much a month do you pay on the Internet? 
How has the Internet affected items such as contact, correspondence, knowledge access? 
Do you think there is good or bad on the Internet? 
What do you think is mankind's worst invention? (weapons, nuclear energy, tobacco, television, cell phones, vehicles, genetically modified goods, etc.) 
Could you name a few developments you're looking forward to? (human cloning, time travel, eternal-life-pill, vaccination against AIDS\cancer, teleport) 
What are you acquainted with about cloning? 
Who invented them? 
How is it working? 
Dolly (sheep) is who? 
What is your reaction to the cloning of humans? 
Do you think this needs to be forbidden? 
What's good and bad in the cloning of humans? 
Do you think there will ever be a time machine invented? 
Will you like to fly for some time? 
What time do you want to visit? What event do you want to witness? 
Do you think the epidemic that society can not fight is aging? 
What inventions and discoveries have been made recently to tackle aging? 
Do you believe that you will ever find the elixir of life? 
Do you want to be immortal or do you only prefer to stay young all your life and die in the end? 
What is the use of discovery in space? 
What technologies has the discovery of space brought to our everyday lives? 
Do you accept that people are going to live on the moon and on other planets one day? 
Why can't it be today? 
If you were a genius, what would you invent?