Can you tell me something about yourself?
What are you acquainted with about our organization? 
Why are you interested in working for us? 
What can you do for us that can't be done by anyone else? 
What do you find most appealing about this role? 
What appears to be the least attractive? 
Why should we recruit you? 
What are you looking for in a job? 
Please provide me with your description of the position you are being interviewed for. 
How long does it take you to give our business a positive contribution? 
How long would you be living with us for? 
For this job, your resume indicates that you may be over-qualified or too experienced. What opinion do you have? 
What is your style of management? 
Are you a strong executive? 
Can you provide me with any examples? 
Do you believe you have the greatest managerial potential? 
When you recruit staff, what do you look for? 
Have you ever had to get people fired? 
What have the explanations been? 
How have you handled the situation? 
What do you think is the toughest thing about becoming an executive or manager? 
In our business, what important trends do you see? 
Why are you quitting your new (last) job (which you left)? 
How do you feel about seeking a new career by quitting all of your benefits? 
What features do you like the most in your new (last) position? The slightest? 
What are you saying about your boss? 
At your age, why aren't you earning more? 
What do you think should be paid for this position? 
What are the long-range targets for you? 
How good so far have you been? 
Why are you interested in working for this company? 
Which high school have you attended? 
You got married? Can you tell me about a family of yours? 
Why did your last employment leave you? 
What are your long-range aspirations for your career? 
What in the future would you like to do? 
In your spare time, what do you do? 
Are you fit for that position? 
How well do you deal with individuals? 
For you, what is a healthy working environment? 
Why am I supposed to employ you? 
What was a recent movie you saw that impressed you? 
Are you enjoying travelling? 
Why do you think we're going to employ you for this job?