What age do individuals usually start working in your country at? 
At what age in your country do people usually retire? 
Which age do you want to retire at? 
When you retire, what do you think you would do? 
How much cash do you think your lifestyle needs you to retire? 
Could you talk about what a normal day is like at your current job? 
Can you explain any of the individuals you're working with? 
Are you able to explain your present job? 
What was the first job you had? 
After they get married in your country, do women usually work? 
Do you work overtime, ever? 
If so, are you being paid extra for working overtime? 
Do you have a job on a part-time basis? What do you do, if so? 
For your work, do you have to attend a lot of meetings? 
Do you have to do a lot of paperwork? 
Do you have to work overtime? 
If so, how often? 
Do you have to work on Sundays? 
Do you know someone who has worked as an undertaker? 
What is the job of an an undertaker? 
Can women do this job or is it better for a man to be an undertaker? 
Do you like your boss? And why or why not? 
Do you like your job? 
Do you like your job? And why or why not? 
Do you think it is more important to make a lot of money or to enjoy your job? 
Do you think it's acceptable for women to be in the military? Why/why not? 
Do you think people over 65 should be made to retire? 
Do you think women and men should be paid the same for the same job? 
Do you think women are good bosses? 
Are there women bosses in your country? 
Do you think your company is well run? 
Do you think that the place where you work is well run? 
Do you work on weekends? 
Do you work on Sundays? 
Does your mother work? 
Does your mother work outside of the house? 
Have you ever been promoted? 
Have you ever taken any courses that specifically help you with the job you are doing now? 
Have you ever worked on a farm? 
Did you like it? 
Would you like to go back on this farm job? 
If not , why? 
How do you like your work? 
How have working conditions changed in recent years? 
Do you think that working conditions have improved? If so, in what ways? 
How long do you plan to continue working where you are? 
How long have you been working at your present job? 
How many days a week do you work? 
How many hours a week do you work? 
How many times have you been promoted? 
When was the last time you were promoted? 
Did you get a large pay raise at that time? 
How much do you think a doctor should be paid a month? 
How about a secretary? 
How about a truck driver? 
How much money do you make? (Maybe this is not a good question to ask.) 
How much money does a secretary get paid per week? 
How old were you when you got your first job? 
How well do you get along with your boss? 
If you could own your own business, what would it be? 
If you had to choose between a satisfying job and a well-paid one, which would you choose? 
Is it common for men and women to have the same jobs in your country? 
Is it easy to find a job in Canada? How about in your country? 
Name three occupations that you could do. (For example, be a mortician) 
Name three occupations that you could never do? 
What are some common occupations in your country? 
What are some common jobs for men in your country? 
What are some common jobs for women in your country? 
What are some jobs that children do? 
What are some jobs that you think would be boring? 
What are some jobs that you think would be fun? 
What are some questions that are frequently asked in a job interview? 
What are you responsible for? 
What are you trying to do in order to find a job that you really like? 
What do you do? 
What's your job? 
What do you like most about that job? 
What do you think is the best job? What do you think is the worst? 
What do you think would be the most interesting job? The most boring? 
What does your father do? (What does your father do for a living?) 
What does your mother do? 
What influenced your choice of job? (Why did you choose your job?) 
What job do you want to have in five years' time? 
What job would you most like to have, if social/cultural boundaries did not apply? (How different are they?) 
What job(s) do you wish to have in the future? 
What jobs in your country are considered to be good jobs? About why? 
What kind of volunteer work have you done? 
What kind of work do you do? 
What kind of work do you want to do in the future? 
What plans have you made for your retirement? 
What three adjectives would describe yourself as a worker? 
What time do you get home from work? 
Is it the same time every day? 
What time do your start and finish work? 
What would be your dream job? 
Do you think it would be possible for you to get this job? 
What's one job you wouldn't like to do? Why not? 
What's your brother's occupation? 
When you were a child, what did you want to be when you grew up? 
When you were a child, what job did you want to have when you grew up? 
Where do you work and what is your current job? 
Where do you work? 
Which job are you best at? 
Which job would you never do? 
Which jobs do you think are the most prestigious? 
Who among the people you know has the most interesting job? What is it? 
Why did you leave your last job - did you resign or were you sacked? 
Would you be upset if your boss was a woman? 
Would you consider the military as a career choice? And why or why not? 
Would you consider yourself to be an ambitious person at work? 
Would you describe yourself as a workaholic? 
Would you like a job in which you traveled a lot? 
Would you like a job that required you to sit at a computer all day? 
Would you like to do the same job for the rest of your life? 
Would you like to work in an office? And why or why not? 
Would you rather be a doctor or a banker? 
Would you rather work inside or outside? 
What job would you most like to do? 
What are the names of some of the people with that job? 
Do you personally know any one with that job? 
How long do you plan to keep it for? 
When do plan to retire? 
What other fields or work will that job make you qualified for? 
What are the work details of that job; what will be your duties at that job? 
What steps are required from you to become a/an...? 
So, how long before fore you become a/an...; at what ages will you both start and finish this/each job/career? 
What do you hope to spiritually gain from that job? 
What do you wish to physically gain; what kind of things would you like to buy with your money? 
How much money do you need to make to fulfill you dreams and desires? 
If money weren't a problem for you, which job would you prefer to have? 
How does money affect your decisions? 
How do your wants and desires affect your career options and goals? 
How many years of schooling would you prefer to have? 
Can you improve on the way things are now being done in the field you choose? 
Which college courses are needed for you to be the very best in your field? 
Which college courses are required for you dream job? 
What other courses do you need to take so you can pursue your hobbies and personal interests? 
Which of the classes mentioned above are you giving the highest priority? About why? 
Who is the breadwinner (provider) in your family? 
Who makes the most money in your family? (This may not be a "polite" question to ask.) 
Is it common for people from your country to have one job for life? 
Do you see any unfair labour practices in your country's workforce? 
Do you have an after-school job? 
Would you like to have a management position? 
What are the pros and cons of being a manager? 
What are the qualities a good boss should have? 
What is a fair wage for the skills you have? 
Are there any jobs which can only be done by one gender? 
If so, what are they? 
What are some jobs that some people think only one gender can do, but can be done by either gender? 
What should you not do during a job interview? 
Who would you hire an employee with a lot of experience or an employee with a lot of education?