The number of guests attending your wedding? 
How many guests are you expected to invite to your wedding? 
At what age are most people getting married in your country? 
What age would you like to get married at? 
At what age did you marry yourself? 
Describe a date that is fine. 
Describe the appearance of the person you'd like to date? 
Describe the character of the person you'd like to date? 
After getting married in your country, do women usually work? 
When dating, do you "go Dutch"? 
Do you know what 'going Dutch' means? 
If you go out together, is it common for people in your country to 'go Dutch'? 
Is there a problem with older girls/boys dating younger girls/boys? 
Do younger boys/girls have a problem with dating older boys/girls? 
At first sight, do you believe in love? 
Do you think some people know that the first time they meet, they will fall in love with someone? 
Are you aware of what a 'blind date' is? 
Did you ever go on a blind date? 
Have you ever had a blind date arranged? 
When dating, do you drive or take the train? 
Do you and your in-laws get along? 
Do you have a girlfriend or a boyfriend? 
Where did you meet your husband? 
What is he/she going to look like? 
Do you know someone who's had an arranged marriage? 
Do you know someone who's been divorced? 
Are you familiar with the distinction between love and the like? 
Could you both love and not like your partner? 
Do you think that on a date, a boy can pay for everything? 
Do you think a good idea is arranged marriages? And why or why not? 
What is your view with respect to arranged marriages? 
Do you believe our choice of a partner is affected by fairy tales? 
Do you agree that getting married means giving up liberty? 
If you get married, do you think that you're going to change? 
Do you think it's easier to be married or to be single? 
Do you think getting married is good? 
Do you think it's all right for a couple before getting married to live together? Why or why not? Why not? 
Do you think marrying someone of a different race is all right? 
Do you think it's all right to marry someone of a different faith? 
Do you think it's all right that a guy has two wives? 
Do you think it's OK to have two husbands for a wife? 
You think that it's all right for a guy to have a mistress? 
You think that it's all right for a man to hit his wife? 
In order to have a successful marriage, do you think love is necessary? 
Do you think it's important for marriage? 
Do you agree that love-based marriages are more successful than arranged marriages? 
Do you think marriage, for women, is really stressful? For guys, how about? 
Do you think that after getting married, people change? 
Do you think matrimony is affected by religion? If so, in what manner? 
Do you think all adults need to be married? 
Do you think that, across the Internet, you will find everlasting love? 
Are you interested in a husband or wife who is older, younger or of the same age as you are? 
Would you like to have kids? 
If that's so, how many? 
Have you ever been to a dance at school? 
Did you ever have a crush on somebody? 
Have you ever hated falling in love with somebody? 
Have any of your relationships ever been disapproved of by your parents? 
How long do you think couples, before they get married, should know each other? 
How many kids do you want to have? 
How much do you want to go out there on dates? 
When you got your first boyfriend or girlfriend, how old were you? 
When you went on your first date, how old were you? 
Where've you gone? 
What've you been doing? 
With whom did you go? 
When your parents got married, how old were they? 
What would you do if your husband or wife had an affair? 
Will it be a hard situation for you if your parents did not approve of a person you loved and decided to marry? And why or why not? 
Is it important for you to go out on dates? 
Is there a better relationship like this for you? 
If you were going to go out with somebody, who would it be? 
If you're a guy and you're asked for a date by a woman, do you feel like you ought to pay, or that the woman ought to pay? 
If you had to marry either a poor man you really liked, or a rich man you didn't love, what would you choose? 
If you had to choose to live with someone who loves you really, but you don't love him back, or live alone for the rest of your life, loving someone who doesn't love you, who would you choose? 
What advice would you send your best friend to someone whose wife hates him? 
What age do you believe is the ideal way to get married? 
In your country, what are some dating and marriage customs? 
What are some of the key reasons why individuals get divorced? 
What are some famous places for a date to go on? 
What are some attributes in a spouse or partner that you think are significant? 
In a girlfriend or boyfriend, what qualities do you look for? 
In a dating relationship, what do you consider cheating? 
When on a date, what do you want to chat about? 
In a girlfriend or a boyfriend, what do you look for? 
When dating, what do you think most people talk about? 
What do you think about divorced people? 
Will you ever consider divorcing yourself? 
What do you think about partnerships that are same-sex? 
What do you think of mothers who are single? 
In your country, what is a wedding ceremony like? 
What's the perfect way to make your partner happy when you get married? 
What kind of girl or boy do you like? 
On a date, what kind of clothes do you wear? 
As a husband, what sort of man do you want? 
What kind of person would you like to get married to? 
As a wife, what kind of woman do you want? 
What makes a good wife/husband? 
What makes marriage a happy one? 
What are some aspects that lead to a happy marriage, do you think? 
What attributes in a boyfriend or girlfriend are important to you? 
What qualities are important to you in a partner? 
What was the boringest date that you've ever been on? 
What was your most interesting date ever? 
What are you going to consider "the perfect date" for you? 
What would you do if it appeared like your mother-in-law would hate you soon? 
What would you think about your parents if you weren't married? 
When were your parents married? 
Where would you like to go to spend your honeymoon? 
Where have you been to have your honeymoon? 
Where do you want your honeymoon to go? 
Where's a nice speed in this town to go on a date? 
On a date, where would you like to go? 
What is the most important thing for you, your career or your wedding? 
Why are individuals breaking up with their partners? 
After you get married, will you continue working? 
Will you date someone you really liked if he or she did not like your parents? 
Will you ever marry a person who's been twice divorced? 
Will you invite your family to your date? 
After you get married, will you live with your parents? 
Will you get someone from another country married? 
Are you going to marry someone 10 years older than you? How about 10 years younger than yourself? 
Will you get married to someone your parents didn't like? 
Are you going to marry someone who can't speak the same language that you speak? 
Will you mind if, without you, your boyfriend or girlfriend went out to a party? 
Will you prefer to go out with a talkative or quiet person? 
At what age do you believe dating should start? 
Do you think that when an individual is too old to date, there is some age? 
Are you familiar with a happily married couple? 
Is it possible to name a famous happily married couple? 
In a successful marriage, what do you think is the most important ingredient? 
How long will the wedding ceremony take in your country? 
Who designed the covenant for marriage? 
What do you think of an ex-girlfriend or ex-boyfriend dating a friend? 
Does it still hold a special place in your heart for your first love? 
Do you think he or she would have a special place in your heart at all times? 
What attributes do you look for in your partner? 
Do you think it's possible to wait in prison for the man or woman you love? 
What definition of love is yours? 
Will you wait for a person who you have been dating for a long time to join the army? 
How about if they had gone to jail? 
What season is the best time to get married? 
Do you know someone who, at the same time, has two families and helps all of them? 
In your country, how many families can you have? 
Are there any superstitions that make you fall in love with someone? 
Have you heard of any "love potions?" being successful? 
Have you ever given your boyfriend or girlfriend a gift and found out later that he'd given it to his or her new mate? 
Are you aware of any superstitions related to weddings? 
Will it be necessary to have a 'white wedding dress' for you? 
Through playing games, can you control your partner? 
Why do you believe the bride's maids are wearing white? 
When do you show your parents to your boyfriend or girlfriend? 
When you start dating 
Since you've been together for some time, 
Only when it is a serious relationship? 
About why? 
Do you like getting a boyfriend or a girlfriend at school or in the classroom? 
Do you think if he has not yet introduced you to his family, it is right to continue to see a person? 
Is marriage for life, in your opinion? 
Do you think it's really up to death when people get married? 
How long would it take for a relationship to become a date? 
On your first date, is it important to be punctual? Why? 
On a first date, will you dress up? What clothes would you wear? 
What kind of place for a first date do you think is ideal? Why do you think so? 
What are the norms or laws of your country about displays of public affection? 
Do you believe it's all right for couples to kiss in public? 
If your boyfriend liked to hold company with a female friend while you weren't there, how would you feel? 
How would you feel if, when you're not there, your girlfriend enjoyed holding company with a male friend? 
If you were able to return to your love of the past and fix what went wrong, who would it be? 
Who are you loving? 
What would you choose if you had to choose to live with someone who really loves you, but you don't love him back, or to live alone for the rest of your life, loving someone who doesn't love you? 
If you were given just one chance to do it, what would you change? 
Whose heart did you break most of all? Have you apologised to him? 
Did you ever meet someone you love, but never show it? 
If you were compelled by your parents to marry a person you do not love, what would you do in this situation?