What are some of the make-up brands you use? 
What's the perfect lipstick shade for your lips? 
Do you change your eye shadow or lipstick shades regularly to match your clothes? 
Will you ever consider having your makeup tattooed on you or your eyebrows? 
What are some ways of avoiding wrinkles that you use? 
Have you ever had freckles gone, or dots? 
When you go out to do your everyday things, do you still wear sunscreen? 
How much is too much makeup? 
Do you ever go out without any make-up in public? 
Can you clarify the strategies for applying your make-up? 
Do you think wearing make-up is okay for men? 
If your boyfriend/husband wear make up to improve his looks, how would you feel? 
What are the most costly cosmetics you've been using these days? 
What is the most costly cosmetic you've ever bought in your life? 
Did you believe that a lot of money was worth paying for? 
Can the variations between a cheap make-up brand and an expensive brand be easily differentiated? What? How? 
Typically, where do you buy your make up? 
Do you ever buy online make up? 
Do you wear colored contact lenses sometimes? 
What do you think of people wearing them? 
Are you going to consider wearing them? 
What do you think of girls undergoing eye surgery? 
Before getting married, do you think they should confess it to their future husband? 
To improve your looks, would you suggest having eye or nose surgery? 
How old were you when you began wearing make-up for the first time? 
How long do you need to apply your make up for it? 
Do you want roles to be changed and make up for men to have to wear, when women just shouldn't? And why or why not? 
Why do you think that men can't dress like women or wear make-up in most cultures? 
What are the kinds of lotions that you use? 
How many different kinds have you got? 
In order to enhance your face, do you ever use a facial mask? 
What kinds of soaps do you use for your hands, in the tub, for your face? 
How much do you go to the bathroom in public? 
How much do you have your skin exfoliated?