What are some good manners you think? 
What do you think those bad manners are like? 
Can you think of any good manners in a foreign country that are bad manners? 
What are some book titles on manners? Did you ever read them? 
What are some good ways for a mobile phone to be used? 
What are some good manners for a table? 
What are some good manners for a party? 
Is kissing good manners in public? 
Are you telling people "hi" even though they are strangers? About why? And why not? 
Do you listen to other people's street conversations? 
Do you think that hugging or kissing another person in greeting is good manners? 
Do you let people past you in your car while you're driving? Is this a healthy way to be considered? 
When you drive, do you honk your horn at people? 
Why do manners matter? 
Do people today, or in earlier days, have more manners? 
Will your success in life be influenced by manners? What? How? 
What's the right way to teach children manners? 
What society do you think the most respectful culture is? Only clarify. 
What advice would you give a foreigner who would like to demonstrate good manners when visiting your country? 
What stuff do you find hard to adapt to about manners in the USA? 
In the USA, is there something about manners that you prefer to your country's manners? 
What side should you be on while you are walking? 
What do you do when you reach an elevator if there are people coming out? 
How closely do you think that income and social status contribute to good manners? 
Can the concept of good manners inhibit the normal sense of fun and inhibition among individuals? 
To what degree is the notion of good manners used in society to regulate women's conduct? 
What forms have you considered acceptable here that would be acceptable? 
Poor manners in your homeland? 
When you're driving, do you let people past you? Is this a healthy way to be considered? 
What manners are only found in your country? 
Why have we got manners? 
In your country, what are some manners that no longer exist? 
Do you think it is good etiquette to glare at someone who looks completely different from you? Why do you believe people are staring? 
Will your success in life be influenced by manners? What? How? 
What's the most respectful culture? Why are you thinking so?