Have you practiced martial arts before? 
Are there any Japanese/Chinese/Korean martial arts you can name? 
What martial art, in your opinion, is best? About why? 
Do you like fighting? 
Do you fail often? 
Were you ever in a fight? Have you triumphed? 
Do you think learning martial arts is useful? 
Who is your favourite actor/actress in kung fu movies? 
Do you like kung fu films from Hong Kong? 
What's your favourite movie on kung fu? 
Do you know something about the history of martial arts? A what? 
Do you think that maintaining the heritage of martial arts is important? 
How many forms of kung fu have you heard of? 
Do you know how any conventional weapons can be used? 
What conventional arms do you consider to be the coolest? 
How does kung fu/tae kwon do/aikido relate to boxing in the west? 
Have you ever seen martial arts on television? 
Do you know any websites for good martial arts? 
In your city, are there any martial arts schools? 
What's the difference between modern wushu and traditional kung fu? 
What age is suitable for starting martial arts training? 
At what age do you think it is best to begin martial arts training? 
How long do you practice for? 
Do you know of any methods of training that are interesting? 
Are the names of the numerous kicks/punches/stances known to you? 
What uniform do you like best for martial arts? 
What are sashes and belts for? 
What are katas or forms for? 
What's your favorite fighting technique? 
What's the most important thing in a fight? 
What's the coolest kung fu animal style? 
What do you think "the art of fighting without fighting" (Bruce Lee) means? 
Have you practiced martial arts before? 
Can you name some Japanese, Chinese, and Korean martial arts? Describe them for your partner. 
If you have trained in a martial art, was it difficult? 
What did your teacher ask you to do? 
What level of ability did you attain? 
Did you ever take part in a competition? 
What do you know about aikido? 
What do you know about kendo? 
What do you know about judo? 
What do you know about karate? 
What do you know about tae kwon do? 
How many forms of kung fu have you heard of? For example, do you know the difference between traditional kung fu and modern wushu? 
Have you ever seen or heard of the Shaolin monks and their abilities? 
Have you ever been in a fight of any kind? 
Have you triumphed? 
Do you like fighting? 
Do you know anyone who does? 
What are the benefits of studying martial arts? (health, self-discipline, etc.) 
Do you think it's useful to study martial arts to defend yourself in today's world? 
Do you like kung fu films from Hong Kong? 
Do you like martial art movies of other countries? 
What's your favourite movie on kung fu? 
Who's your favorite kung fu movie actor? 
What do you know about Jackie Chan? 
What do you know about martial arts history? 
Do you think it's important to preserve traditions in martial arts? 
Do you know how any conventional weapons can be used? 
What conventional arms do you consider to be the coolest? 
How does Kung Fu, Tae Kwon Do, or Aikido compare to western boxing? 
Have you ever seen martial arts on television? 
Do you know any websites for good martial arts? 
In your city, are there any martial arts schools? In this city? 
At what age do you think it is best to begin martial arts training? 
How much should a person train in a martial art to become successful? 
Do you know of any methods of training that are interesting? 
Do you know the names of different kicks, punches, and stances? 
What uniform do you like best for martial arts? 
What's your favorite fighting technique? 
What's the most important thing in a martial arts competition? 
What's the coolest Kung fu animal style? 
What do you think Bruce Lee's comment that Kung Fu is "the art of fighting without fighting" means? 
Do you believe that martial arts masters of the past were actually able to fly?