Are you having fun meeting new people? 
What are some good things for someone you've just met to ask? 
What are some things you're not supposed to ask people you've just met? 
Is it OK to ask the age of an individual in your country? 
Are you anxious when someone new is introduced to you? 
What are some ways of overcoming being nervous about meeting new individuals? 
How many new people a week do you meet? 
There are some nice spots for people to meet? 
How important to you are first impressions? 
What do you do if you forget the name of someone you were introduced to just now? 
What kind of individuals do you like to meet? 
Who was the last new guy you knew, and where were you going to find him? 
Have you ever experienced your first impression of being entirely wrong? 
When you meet a new person, do you normally shake hands with them? 
Will you go to people of your own age or to people of your own sex first if you want to get to know people at a party? 
What is your country's favourite subject for new acquaintances? 
Where do you generally go to meet individuals if you are looking for a shallow relationship? 
Where do you generally go to meet people if you are looking for a good friend? 
In your country, how do you know if a person you meet can be trusted? 
In the US, how about? 
How do you know if a person that you meet here can be trusted? 
Are you having fun meeting new people? 
What do you like about it the most or the least? 
Do you find like around people you are friendly or shy? How are you acting normally? 
What are some good questions for someone you've just met to ask? 
What are those stuff you're not allowed to ask people you've just met? 
Is it OK to ask a person in your country about their age? Why and why not? 
Are you anxious when someone new is introduced to you? 
How will a timid person conquer their fear of meeting new people? 
How many new people a week do you meet? 
There are some nice spots for people to meet? 
How important to you are first impressions? 
Have you ever had your first feeling of being totally wrong? 
What do you do if you forget the name of someone you were introduced to just now? 
What can you say about certain things? 
What kind of individuals do you want to meet? 
Who was the last new guy you knew, and where were you going to find him? Did you see them again? 
What do people do when a new person in your society encounters them? 
When you first meet them in your community, is it OK to touch another individual? 
When you meet a new person in your culture, do you ever shake hands with them? 
When you meet new people, do you want to shake hands? 
Will you first approach individuals of your own age if you want to get to know people at a party? 
People of a gender of your own? 
What is a favorite subject in your country for new acquaintances of your age? 
Where would you go to find individuals if you are searching for a shallow relationship? 
Where would you go to meet people if you are looking for a good friend? 
In your country, how do you know if a person you meet can be trusted? 
How do you know if a person you have met can be trusted? 
What is one thing that is not known to many people about you? 
In your culture, do business people exchange business cards? 
How are they doing that? 
When they speak in your culture, how far apart do people stand from each other? 
Is it impolite in your culture to say "No" if you don't know someone very well? 
When they talk, do people in your culture use a lot of body language, or do they keep their bodies relatively still? 
When interacting with others, do people in your society express their emotions or do they conceal any feelings? 
How are their feelings shown? 
What kind of emotions would they conceal? 
Do you feel relaxed here with people? 
With individuals from other cultures? 
What can we do to build more understanding and peace among our world's people? 
Are you a person who first approaches someone? 
Or are you a person who is waiting to be approached by someone? 
What is it that makes you remember a new person you just met? Can you remember them a long time ago? 
Are you still shaking hands with someone new, usually, occasionally, never, ever? 
Will you go to people of your own age or to people of your own sex first if you want to get to know people at a party? 
To people who are standing alone or people in a party already? 
The weather is the favorite subject for new acquaintances in Britain. That's where you come from in America. What is it in your country? 
If this new individual doesn't really like you, how do you finish the conversation and make your escape? 
What does he mean by your name? 
What are the normal salutations and behaviors in your culture for meeting/greeting someone? 
How do you introduce two individuals to one another? 
What are some different ways for introductions to be made? 
Do you use their full names or only first names when you introduce individuals? 
When you move to a new country, what are the benefits of meeting new individuals? 
When you meet someone, what are the first things you notice? 
How important is it to smile for the first time when you meet someone? 
When you meet a new guy, do you like to kiss, shake or bow?