Have you got a good memory or a bad memory? 
Are you usually remembering stuff or forgetting stuff? 
You want to have a great memory? 
Whether and why not? 
How would your life change that? 
Who do you know who's got the best recollection? 
Are you allowed to tell us about them? 
Who do you know who has the worst recollection? 
Are you allowed to tell us about them? 
What is your earliest recollection? 
When's it been? 
Can you tell us in detail about your earliest memories? 
What is the most vivid memory of yours? 
When's it been? 
Could you tell us about it in detail? 
Have you ever forgotten, like your keys or your phone, something important? 
Can you tell us what you've been doing? 
Did you ever step into a room and forget why you went in there? 
Have you ever missed an important date, like an anniversary or a birthday? 
Are you able to tell us what happened? 
Is someone you know ever missed a big date, like a wedding or a birthday? 
Say what happened to your party. 
As individuals grow older, the distant past is sometimes easier to remember than the near past. Why do you think it's that? Have you seen proof of this at any time? 
Tell them to your group. 
Are there any things or moments you'll never forget? 
Tell them to your group. 
Are there any things or moments you wish you could forget about? Tell them to your group. 
Memories create a man. 
What do you believe that means? You can give a few examples. 
It will be repeated by those that forget the past. What do you believe that means? Provide examples. 
Many people notice that a certain sound or scent brings a childhood memory back quite strongly (such as the smell of a food that your mother often cooked when you were young). 
Why do you think it's that? 
What does that effect have on you? 
Provide examples. 
Many people find that visiting a certain location brings a childhood memory back very strongly (such as the scene of an old family holiday). 
Why do you think it's that? 
Where does this affect you? 
Provide examples. 
If your memories could be edited, which ones would you erase, and why? 
What ones would you make more transparent and vivid? 
Have you got a photographic memory? 
Do you know anyone that has a memory of photography? 
Do you have a strong memory (that is, do you generally recall things or forget things) or a bad memory? 
Why are you thinking that? 
Who do you know who (usually recalls everything) has the best memory? Tell them to your group. 
Who do you know who (usually forgets things) has the worst memory? Tell them to your group. 
What's your earliest memory? When was it? Thorough explanation. 
What are the key things to remember? Why? 
What kind of music brings memories back to you. Explain the memory. Why do you think it's that? 
What's your best memory? 
What's the saddest memory? 
What is your funniest memory? 
What's your scariest memory? 
What are your happiest elementary school memories? 
What are your happiest junior high school memories? 
What are your happiest high school memories? 
What are your worst elementary school memories? 
What are your worst junior high school memories? 
What are the worst high school memories? 
Do you memorize details easily? 
For names/faces/numbers, do you have a clear memory? 
Have you had any memory problems? 
You practice your memory, do you? 
How many words do you remember every week? 
Do you miss things important to you sometimes? 
What do you think about when the word "memory" is heard? 
How many different definitions does it have for memory? 
Do you have a memory for the short term or the long term? 
Typically, what do you forget? 
For what do you most need your memory? 
What is a big date to consider for you? 
Do you think erasing bad memories would be easier? Would you do it? 
Which memories do you want to relive? 
Do memories carry back those photographs? Is there a particular image that reminds you of a good memory? 
Have you got a good memory or a bad memory? 
Do you want a great memory? Why or why not? How is it going to change your life? 
Who do you know who's got the best memory? Tell them about your party. 
Who do you know who's got the worst memory? Tell them to your party. 
What is your earliest memory? When was it? In depth, explain it. 
What's your (clear or sharp) most vivid memory? When was it? Explain it in detail. 
Have you ever forgotten anything important, such as your phone or your keys? Has someone you know ever forgotten a significant date, such as a birthday or anniversary? 
Have you ever forgotten anything important about someone you know, like their keys or their phone? Tell your community what happened. 
Have you ever missed a significant date, like an anniversary or a birthday? Tell your community what happened. 
Has someone you know ever missed a significant date, like an anniversary or a birthday? Tell your community what happened. 
The distant past is often easier to recall than the immediate past when people get older. Why do you think this is? Have you ever seen examples of this? Tell them to your party. 
Are there some things or times you're never going to forget? Tell your community about them. 
Are there any things or moments that you wish you could forget about? Tell them to your party. 
The man's memory. What do you think that means? Give examples. 
It'll be replicated by those who forget the past. What do you think this means? Give examples. 
Which ones would you delete if you could edit your memories and why? Which ones would you make clearer and more vivid? 
Do you have a memory of photography? Do you know someone who has a memory of photography?