Why are people immigrating to other nations? 
What is the reason why you moved out of your country in order to come here? 
Is immigration an issue from one nation to another? What are the forms in which you see it as a problem? 
Do any immigrants know you? 
Do you think immigrants in most countries are treated well? 
Do you think there is a connection between crime and immigration? 
Can any state restrict the number of immigrants entering the nation? What number would be good? 
Is immigration threatening local culture? 
How much are immigrants expected to preserve their culture? 
Will immigrants be entitled to the same rights as native citizens? 
Is there a difference between immigration in politics and economics? 
Will immigrants be allowed to vote? In what election? 
What should be done about the entry of illegal immigrants into a country? 
Will an illegal immigrant's country of origin be held responsible? 
In your part of the country, do immigrants have a good or poor reputation? 
Will students be permitted at school to wear clothing with cultural or religious symbolism? 
Do you think that immigrants are now being handled more suspiciously than they were a year ago? 
Are you acquainted with someone who is married to an immigrant? 
Do you know any people from your country who have emigrated? 
Should you dream about emigrating at any time? 
Why would you have thought of emigrating? 
What are some of the problems that will bother you about emigrating? 
In your community, are there a lot of immigrants? 
Do immigrants isolate themselves in a certain place within your community? 
In order to learn the local language, should immigrants be required? 
How are you going to help an immigrant learn the local language? 
How will you empower immigrant children by preserving the original language and being fluent in the local language to become bilinqual? 
Will immigrants be taught in the local language or their original language? 
To what degree, in order to accommodate refugees, should official documents be written in many languages? 
Are rules on immigration too strict? In what manner should they be modified? 
How long is it appropriate for immigrants to reside in a foreign country until they can be naturalized? 
What should the naturalization conditions be? 
How can an alien in your country become a citizen? 
How does the economic condition in your society impact immigration? 
To what degree have immigrants made the history of your society richer? 
How is your culture integrating immigrants into the community's life? 
How will the term "home" be defined? 
Should they penalize employers who hire illegal immigrants? 
Should they expel undocumented immigrants?