Have you got a pet? 
How old is that? 
From where did you get it? 
Who's taken care of it? 
What (color, breed, etc.) does it look like? 
What are you eating them? 
Are you playing with that? 
What's her name? How did you pick the name here? 
If they know any tricks or do they understand any phrases? 
If you're not bringing a cat, why not? 
Are you really going to consider having a pet? 
Did you grow up at home with pets? 
What are the pros and cons of maintaining a pet? 
What's the right pet to possess? 
What are some of the animals in your country that live there? 
Are there organisations in favor of animal welfare where you live? 
Do you fear snakes? Who was the largest snake you saw? In your country, are there any poisonous snakes? 
Were you afraid of spiders? If you see it, what do you do? 
Can you list any animals that are endangered? 
Did you ever ride a horse? 
In your neighborhood, are there birds or squirrels? 
Are you familiar with someone who has an odd pet? 
Do you agree researching cosmetics on animals is acceptable? 
What do you feel about animals being used for veterinary research? 
If you think that eating meat is okay? Do any vegetarians know you? 
Is there some form of meat that you don't want to eat? 
What kind of meat did you eat? 
Were you ever in a zoo? 
Are there rules in your country about hunting? 
What are you saying about hunting? Are you going to feed an animal you slaughtered yourself? 
Do you think free animals who have been in cages all their life are all right? And why or why not? 
Do you think fur coats should be purchased and worn by people? 
Do you think animals are dreaming? 
Were you ever attacked by a dog? Were you stung by a bee? 
Were you ever on a farm? What were the animals you saw there? 
Have you ever been to a race on a horse? 
Have you ever eaten meat from rabbits? Did you eat octopus? 
Have you ever seen a puppy that helps people help a blind person or a cop, for instance? 
If so, what have you found about this dog? 
How do you think they taught the dog? 
What animals do you think are adorable?
Do you have a pet?
How old is it?
Where did you get it from?
Who takes care of it?
What does it look like (color, breed, etc.)?
What do you feed it?
Do you play with it?
What is it's name? How did you choose this name?
Does it know any tricks or understand any words?
If you don't have a pet, why not?
Would you ever consider getting a pet?
Did you grow up with pets in your home?
What are the pros and cons of keeping a pet?
What is the best pet to own?
What are some animals that live in your country?
Are there animal rights groups where you live?
Are you afraid of snakes? What is the biggest snake you have seen? Are there any poisonous snakes in your country?
Are you frightened of spiders? What do you do if you see one?
Can you name some endangered species?
Do you think it is right to keep wild animals in captivity all there life
Is it morally right to spend a lot of money on pets, rather than helping people in need?
Why are pets, not people used for medical research?
What is your favorite animal?
Have you ever had a pet?
What kind of pet would you like to have in the future?
Have you ever been to the zoo? What animals did you see there?
Have you ever been on a farm? What animals did you see there?
Do you ever bird watch?
Do you think people should wear fur coats?
Should animals be kept in a zoo?
Do you know any endangered species?
Do you consider yourself an animal lover?
Do bats help people?
What animal is liked to be petted?
Do you think the most important thing by which psychopaths can be recognized is their attitude toward animals? Explain why.
Do you think it is a good pattern in general to judge people by their attitude toward animals? Explain why.
What kind of animals do humans ride?
Can you ride a horse?
Do you ever go bird watching?
Do you ever talk to your pet? If so, what do you say?
Do you have a cat?
Do you have a dog? If so, what's your dog's name?
Do you have any pets?
If not, would you like to have a pet?
Have you ever had a pet?
Do you know anyone who has a horse?
Do you know anyone who keeps their dog in their house?
Do you love your pet?
Do you prefer dogs or cats?
Do you talk to your pet sometimes?
Do you think it is acceptable to test cosmetics on animals?
How do you feel about the use of animals for medical research?
Do you think it is okay to eat meat?
Is there any kind of meat you would not eat?
Do you think it is right to keep wild animals in a zoo?
Do you think that animals dream?
What are some examples of valuable characteristics that aid the survival of animals? (i.e. the long neck of a giraffe) 
What is popular about Darwin? 
What qualities have made human beings a prosperous species? 
What are those animals for which you don't know much? 
What's the prettiest animal that you can think of? What is the most ugly? 
How is it that humans have pets? Have you got a pet? And why or why not? 
Are there any species we can try to absolutely kill off? 
