Why is it that you enjoy staying in town? 
What are some of the perks of city living? 
What are some of the pitfalls of city living? 
Are you acquainted with those neighbors that live around you? 
What's your favorite town here? About why? 
What town are you staying in? 
What is the part of this town that you like the best? 
Could you define a town? 
What facets of life can you complain about in the city? 
What do you feel can be done to enhance urban living conditions? 
What are some of the variations between urban life and rural living? 
What is the size of the safest city to move in? About why? 
What are the names of Europe's two great cities? 
What are the names of two of Europe's tiny cities? 
Would you rather reside in an old historical area, or a new modern town? 
How would your life have been different if you had grown up in a different city? 
Have you been raised in the city or in the country? 
Will you love to build a new town? 
Do you move through your home city alone at night? 
Will you want to be the city's mayor? 
What might you have done? 
Why can you let things change? 
Do you think that you can make major improvements in your town? 
Will you want to be a member of your city's City Council? 
What monuments do you think the most amazing in your town? About why? 
Will you want the cosmopolitan architecture of contemporary times? 
How can you characterize your city's architecture? 
In which towns do you feel safe? 
What areas have the strongest transit/taxi/metro bus services? 
Why are we going to make our communities better places to live? 
Do you think that each city should have its own rules, or should the same general laws be shared by all cities? 
What would you do if you were in control of a city? How can you boost that? 
Do you know that there is a disaster plan for your area for earthquakes, floods, tsunamis, etc? 
What is the strategy, if so? 
Is it a good/sufficient idea, in your opinion? 
What modifications will you make? 
Will all the country's towns or the U.S. have the same school system? 
Can you consider visiting any good tourist spots in your town? 
Will your town have a sporting team that is professional or semi-professional? 
How big are the teams? 
Games, what are they? 
What are the names of this team? 
Are you heading out and playing any of these sports? How high would it cost? 
Do they win titles for any of these teams? 
What are you doing in your area to reduce the volume of pollution? 
Will your town have some regulations to cope with pollution? 
Will you follow them? 
How should you handle the city's garbage? 
In a daily basis, can you recycle? 
How would your life have been different if you had grown up in a different city? 
Will you love to build a new town? 
In twenty separate countries around the world, can you list two cities? 
Are you worried that certain towns are getting too big? About why? 
What are some of your city's visitor attractions? 
What are some of your city's historical places? Did you visit them? 
What is the city's most famous university? 
What are the city's big problems? 
There are any issues in the long term? 
What are any recent difficulties? 
What is your town doing to fix these issues? 
What do you think can be done to overcome them ? 
What do you do to better address these issues? 
Where is your city's trendiest area? Do you like going to that place? 
Who are any of your town's popular characters? 
In order to enhance certain facets of your area, what will you do? 
What sports team in the city do you root for? 
Is your town highly cosmopolitan? 
What are several places around the world that are cosmopolitan? 
What is the most significant aspect of a town? 
Who in your city is the head of the central government? 
In your own country, what cities would you want to visit? 
What cities around the world would you like to visit?