The number of guests attending your wedding? 
How many guests are you expected to invite to your wedding? 
At what age are most people getting married in your country? 
What age would you like to get married at? 
At what age did you marry yourself? 
After getting married in your country, do women usually work? 
Do you and your in-laws get along? 
Do you know someone who's had an arranged marriage? 
Do you know someone who's been divorced? 
Are you familiar with the distinction between love and the like? 
Could you both love and not like your partner? 
Do you think that on a date, a boy can pay for everything? 
Do you think a good idea is arranged marriages? And why or why not? 
What is your view with respect to arranged marriages? 
Do you agree that getting married means giving up liberty? 
If you get married, do you think that you're going to change? 
Do you think it's easier to be married or to be single? 
Do you think getting married is good? 
Do you think it's all right for a couple before getting married to live together? Why or why not? Why not? 
Do you think marrying someone of a different race is all right? 
Do you think it's all right to marry someone of a different faith? 
Do you think it's all right that a guy has two wives? 
Do you think it's OK to have two husbands for a wife? 
You think that it's all right for a guy to have a mistress? 
You think that it's all right for a man to hit his wife? 
In order to have a successful marriage, do you think love is necessary? 
Do you think it's necessary for marriage? 
Do you agree that love-based marriages are more successful than arranged marriages? 
Do you think marriage, for women, is really stressful? For guys, how about? 
Do you think that after getting married, people change? 
Do you think matrimony is affected by religion? If so, in what manner? 
Do you think all adults need to be married? 
Do you think that, across the Internet, you will find everlasting love? 
Are you interested in a husband or wife who is older, younger or of the same age as you are? 
Would you like to have kids? 
If that's so, how many? 
How long do you think couples, before they get married, should know each other? 
How many kids do you want to have? 
When your parents got married, how old were they? 
What would you do if your husband or wife had an affair? 
Will it be a hard situation for you if your parents did not approve of a person you loved and decided to marry? Why/and why not? 
If you had to marry either a poor man you really liked, or a rich man you didn't love, what would you choose? 
What advice would you send your best friend to someone whose wife hates him? 
What age do you believe is the ideal way to get married? 
In your country, what are some dating and marriage customs? 
What are some of the key reasons why individuals get divorced? 
What are some attributes in a spouse or partner that you think are significant? 
What do you think about divorced people? 
Will you ever consider divorcing yourself? 
What do you think about divorced people? 
What do you think about partnerships that are same-sex? 
What do you think of mothers who are single? 
In your country, what is a wedding ceremony like? 
What's the perfect way to make your partner happy when you get married? 
As a husband, what sort of man do you want? 
What kind of person would you like to get married to? 
As a wife, what kind of woman do you want? 
What makes a good wife/husband? 
What makes marriage a happy one? 
What are some aspects that lead to a happy marriage, do you think? 
What qualities are important to you in a partner? 
What would you do if it appeared like your mother-in-law would hate you soon? 
What would you think about your parents if you weren't married? 
When were your parents married? 
Where would you like to go to spend your honeymoon? 
Where have you been to have your honeymoon? 
What is the most important thing for you, your career or your wedding? 
Why are individuals breaking up with their partners? 
After you get married, will you continue working? 
Will you date someone you really liked if he or she did not like your parents? 
Will you ever marry a person who's been twice divorced? 
Will you invite your family to your date? 
After you get married, will you live with your parents? 
Will you get someone from another country married? 
Are you going to marry someone 10 years older than you? How about 10 years younger than yourself? 
Will you get married to someone your parents didn't like? 
Are you going to marry someone who can't speak the same language that you speak? 
Are you familiar with a happily married couple? 
Is it possible to name a famous happily married couple? 
In a successful marriage, what do you think is the most important ingredient? 
How long will the wedding ceremony take in your country? 
Do you think it's possible to wait in prison for the man or woman you love? 
What season is the best time to get married? 
Do you know someone who, at the same time, has two families and helps all of them? 
In your country, how many families can you have? 
Are you aware of any superstitions related to weddings? 
Will it be necessary to have a 'white wedding' for you? 
Why do you believe the bride's maids are wearing white? 
Is marriage for life, in your opinion? 
What are the worst worries you have to face during marriage? 
Do you think it is OK if married people go out alone? 
If you were married would you like to have an open relationship? 
Is it better to marry someone who loves you rather than someone whom you love? 
In a marriage, do you think one person should handle the finances, or both? 
Do you think when people get married it is really until death?